Skip navigation
Skip to chatbot
Site Selector
Personal
Search box
Country Selector
You're on B M O Canada website
Language Selector
EN
English
SIGN IN
Bank Accounts
Credit Cards
Mortgages
Loans
Investing
Insurance
Offers & Programs
Navigation skipped
Personal
Credit cards
BMO eclipse Visa Infinite Privilege Card
BMO eclipse Visa Infinite Privilege*
footnote star
Card

Make every moment more rewarding with extra earning power and perks.

Welcome offer

NEW Get up to $2,300 including up to 200,000 points and NEXUS Statement Credit.52 Plus, get a 0% introductory interest rate on Balance transfers for 12 months with a 2% transfer fee.∆∆∆

APPLY NOW

Minimum $150,000 (individual) or $200,000 (household) annual income required.

Our best offer, get up to $2,300 in value52

This includes:


Up to 200,000 BMO Rewards Welcome Bonus Points52
Up to $200 NEXUS Statement Credit in your first year52
$200 Anniversary Lifestyle Credit52
Visa Airport Companion Program membership and 6 Complimentary Lounge Passes52
Earn 25% more points when you add another cardholder52

 

Your everyday just got more rewarding
5x the points

For every $1 spent on groceries, dining in and out, drugstore purchases, gas, and travel.53 You deserve it.

Earn 25% more points

On all purchases when you add an authorized user to your account.54 Lucky you (and them!)

Get a $200 anniversary lifestyle credit

To use however you want.55 Go on, spoil yourself.

Make every day 5x more rewarding

Earn more (a lot more) on your daily needs and wants.

Groceries

Give every recipe the 5-star treatment with 5x the points on groceries. Bon appétit!53

Dining in and out

You’ve got great taste! Earn 5x the points on fine dining, Friday night drinks and takeout.53﻿

Gas

Make long-weekend traffic in cottage country a little more bearable with 5x the points on gas.53

Drugstore

Elevate your everyday errands with 5x the points on healthcare, beauty and other drugstore purchases.53

Travel

Let the journey be as rewarding as the destination with 5x the points on travel.53

Plus, earn 1 point for every $1 spent on everything else56 – you deserve it.

APPLY NOW

Minimum $150,000 (individual) or $200,000 (household) annual income required.

Your Visa Infinite Privilege benefits
Enjoy a Visa Airport Companion membership and 6 complimentary airport lounge visits per year – valued at more than $250 USD. Enrollment is required. Enroll at visaairportcompanion.ca or through the Visa Airport Companion App.57
Get Priority Security Lane, airport parking and valet service discounts at select Canadian airports.58
Access the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection with exclusive benefits (like free breakfast).59
Connect to the Visa Infinite Privilege Concierge - it’s like having a personal assistant on call!60
Enjoy unique dining and wine events with Visa Infinite Dining Series61 and Visa Infinite Wine Country.62
Get the Troon Rewards® Golf benefits like discounts at over 95 resorts and courses around the world plus access to select private clubs across the U.S.63

Already a cardholder? Visit visa.ca/infiniteprivilege to find a full list of available benefits. Enroll to get emails and to be the first to know about exclusive offers and experiences.

BMO Rewards calculator
How many BMO Rewards points can you earn with the BMO eclipse Visa Infinite Privilege
footnote star
* Card?
Estimate your monthly spending

Groceries, dining, drugstore, gas and travel (earn 5x the points for every $1 spent):

Slider increases or decreases the dollar amount based on the direction it is moved in
$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $15,000
$15,000

All other purchases (earn 1 point for every $1 spent):

Slider increases or decreases the dollar amount based on the direction it is moved in
$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $15,000
$15,000
See your BMO Rewards points multiply when you add additional cardholders.  
Your first year BMO Rewards points total:

Your first year B M O Rewards points total: 36,000 Yearly breakdown: Bonus points: 0 Groceries, dining, drugstore, gas and travel: 30,000 All other purchases: 6,000
36,000

Yearly breakdown:
Bonus points:
0
Groceries, dining, drugstore, gas and travel:
30,000
All other purchases:
6,000
Use of the reward calculator is for illustrative purposes only. Values displayed valid as of March 6, 2024.
Pay with Points
Travel
Merchandise
Use your BMO Rewards points to treat yourself to something big – or something small. They’re yours to use however you like.
You could redeem 42,000 points for dinner for two at a nice restaurant.
OR redeem those points on a variety of everyday treats, such as:
2,400 points for lattes for you and a friend
12,600 points for a monthly gym membership
16,800 points for a spa treatment
APPLY NOW
Minimum $150,000 (individual) or $200,000 (household) annual income required.
How to Pay with Points


Treat yourself with BMO Rewards and Pay with Points. Perfect for life’s little pleasures like your morning flat white, tickets to a matinee or a bouquet of flowers just because.

1. Sign into bmorewards.com and select the Pay with Points tab.

2. Browse your recent transactions and select which eligible purchase you want to redeem points for.

3. Choose how many points you would like to redeem toward your purchase - you can redeem your points for as little as $1!64

BMO eclipse Visa Infinite Privilege*
footnote star
 Card

Ready to make every moment an eclipse moment? Here’s what you need to know:

$599

annual fee8

21.99%

for purchases8

23.99%

for cash advances8

21.99%

for Quebec residents8

APPLY NOW

Minimum $150,000 (individual) or $200,000 (household) annual income required.

Save on groceries and more with complimentary Instacart+

Enjoy six months of Instacart+ and a $10 monthly Instacart credit when you enroll your eligible BMO Credit Card.120 Terms apply. 

LEARN MORE
Travel Coverage
Extended Insurance
Security Features
Out-of-province/out-of-country emergency medical insurance up to $5 million per insured person, per trip - up to 22 consecutive days.
footnote star
*
Common carrier insurance.
Car rental – collision/loss damage insurance.
Trip cancellation/trip interruption insurance.
Flight delay insurance up to $1,000 per trip for all insured persons.
footnote star
*
Baggage insurance.
Hotel burglary insurance up to $2,500 per occurrence for all insured persons.
footnote star
*

*
footnote star details
​ Please review the BMO eclipse Visa Infinite Privilege Certificate of Insurance for more details. 

TOP-UP INSURANCE

Your credit card already includes built-in travel insurance. With BMO Travel Insurance, you can top up your coverage for longer trips and boost your benefits for added protection beyond your existing plan.

LEARN MORE
BMO PaySmart™ Installment Plans

Live now, pay smarter with a BMO PaySmart plan by turning your credit card purchases into smaller, monthly payments at a low cost.

LEARN MORE
Ready to apply?

Start celebrating your everyday moments now.

APPLY NOW

We’ll respond in under 60 seconds.

Digital features and security at your fingertips

Give your financial health a boost with online and mobile banking tools. Enjoy more control over your credit card and a better understanding about how you’re using it.

Safety and security

Can’t find your card? No worries, you can lock it, unlock it or report it lost or stolen at any time.

Financial insights

Stay on top of your spending with a personalized look at your money.

Credit Score

Get free, 24/7 access to Credit Coach with no impact to your credit score.

Dispute a transaction and PIN reset

Resolve an issue with your statement or reset your PIN directly from your mobile app.

FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions

What are the benefits of a lifestyle credit card?

Think of it as getting rewarded just for being you! A lifestyle credit card offers increased points earned on the things you buy the most.

What information do I need to provide to apply for my card?

What are the eligibility requirements for applying for this card?

What are the minimum income requirements for this card?

Is my application secure?

If I need a new card, can I recycle my existing card?

Can I set up a BMO PaySmart installment plan with this card?

Help me choose

Let us know what you’re looking for in a credit card and we’ll find your best match.

HELP ME CHOOSE
Compare cards

Select the cards you’re interested in and see how their features compare against each other.

COMPARE CARDS
Get started
Activate your card
Register for online banking
Set up Click to Pay
Click to download on the Apple Store
Manage your card
Balance transfers
Add another cardholder
Lock/Unlock your card
Lost or Stolen card
Manage your payments
Set up auto pay
Credit card balance protection
BMO PaySmart
Manage your rewards
BMO Rewards
BMO CashBack
Want to know even more? Find all the details here
Benefits Guide

Discover all the features and perks of your new credit card.

Get PDF for full details
BMO Credit Card Cardholder Agreement

Get all the details about the benefits that come with your card as well as your rights and responsibilities as an eclipse Visa cardholder.

Get PDF for full details
Certificate of Insurance

This guide outlines the terms and conditions governing the insurance that comes with your card.

Get PDF for full details
Insurance Product Summary (For Quebec Residents)

Summary of the benefits, and key terms and conditions of the insurance that comes with your card.

Get PDF for full details
BMO Rewards Terms and Conditions

This guide outlines in detail terms and conditions governing your BMO rewards.

Get PDF for full details
Important information on rates and fees

Key information about your BMO credit card, such as current fees, interest rates, grace period, minimum payment, foreign currency conversion and more.

Get PDF for full details

®
Registered sign
 BMO is a registered trademark of Bank of Montreal.
*
footnote star details
 Trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under license.

CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
CDIC PROTECTING YOUR DEPOSITS PDF

We are members of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC)

Explore our services
Bank Accounts
Credit Card
Mortgages
Loans
Investments
Creditor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Security Centre
How We Protect You
How to Protect Yourself
Security Tips
Learning Centre
Report Fraud
Report Lost/Stolen Debit Card
Report Lost/Stolen Credit Card
Security Alerts
Ways to Bank
Overview
Register for Online Banking
Digital Banking
Deposit Money
Request Money
Transfer Money
Send Money
Global Money Transfer
Pay Bills
BMO Debit Card
Overdraft Protection
CRA Direct Deposit
Digital Demos
BMO Alerts
Customer support
Branch locator
Book an appointment
About BMO
Investor Relations
Privacy
Legal
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Careers
Accessibility at BMO
Accessibility Feedback
Site map
Customer Complaint Handling Process
Feedback

Cookie banner
We, and third parties we select, use cookies, tracking tools, webforms and other similar technologies to collect certain information about you, your device and use of our digital properties. This protects you from fraud, improves your online experience, monitors analytics and performance of our digital properties, and presents you with relevant marketing messages. The third parties we select may also use your information in accordance with their privacy policies. Learn more about our Digital Privacy Policy on bmo.com.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Manage your preferences

Hi there! I can help you explore BMO credit cards by providing customized recommendations.


