Skip navigation
Skip to chatbot
Site Selector
Personal
Search box
Country Selector
You're on B M O Canada website
Language Selector
EN
English
SIGN IN
Bank Accounts
Credit Cards
Mortgages
Loans
Investing
Insurance
Offers & Programs
Navigation skipped
Personal
Credit cards
BMO eclipse rise Visa Card
BMO eclipse rise Visa* Card

Get rewarded when it comes to building your financial future.

Welcome offer

25,000 bonus points for you
You deserve to be rewarded! Get 20,000 points  and a 0.99% introductory interest rate on Balance Transfers for 9 months with a 2% transfer fee.91,§§ Plus, earn up to 5,000 bonus points every year!94,95

APPLY NOW
SIGN IN

Already a BMO customer? Sign in to apply faster

Your rates at a glance

$0

annual fee8

21.99%

for purchases8

23.99%

for cash advances8

21.99%

for Quebec residents8

Join a world of flexible rewards
5x 
Five times
the BMO Rewards points

For every $2 spent on recurring bill payments, groceries, dining and takeout.92 You deserve it.

Save on groceries and more with complimentary Instacart+

Enjoy three months of Instacart+ and a $5 monthly Instacart credit when you enroll your eligible BMO Credit Card.121

Earn a bonus of up to 5,000 points every year!

Get 2,500 bonus points for paying your full credit card balance on time for 12 consecutive months.94


Get another 2,500 bonus points for redeeming at least 12,000 points annually towards your statement balance with Pay with Points – that’s just 1,000 points per month!95

Help with surprise expenses

Get access to one Free BMO PaySmart™ plan for one purchase up to $1,000 every two years.96 A BMO PaySmart™ plan can make life affordable now by turning your unexpected, large credit card purchases into smaller monthly payments at a low cost. Visit bmo.com/paysmart to learn more.

Make every day a 5x points day

Earn more (a lot more) on your daily needs and wants.

Recurring bill payments

Streaming services, a gym membership or a cellphone bill – earn points on all of it as you go about your day. Get 5x 
Five times
the points for every $2 spent on recurring bill payments.92

Groceries

You need to eat, so why not get rewarded at the same time? Get 5x 
Five times
the points for every $2 spent on groceries.92

Dining out

You’ve got great taste! Earn 5x 
Five times
the points for every $2 spent on dining out at your favourite restaurant.92

Takeout & food delivery

What’s better than getting your favourite meal to go or delivered to your doorstep? Getting 5x 
Five times
the points for every $2 spent on it!92

Plus, earn 1 point for every $2 spent on everything else.93

APPLY NOW
Save on groceries and more with complimentary Instacart+

Enjoy three months of Instacart+ and a $5 monthly Instacart credit when you enroll your eligible BMO Credit Card.121 Terms apply.

LEARN MORE
Your BMO Rewards benefits
Redeem points for flights, hotels, car rentals, cruises and vacation packages with any travel provider
Save for the future by redeeming points for a contribution to a BMO savings or investment account
Pay with points. Let your points pick up the tab. Apply your points directly to things like gas, groceries or your night out
BMO Rewards calculator
Find out how many points you can earn with the BMO eclipse rise Visa* Card
Estimate your monthly spending

Recurring bill payments, groceries, dining and takeout (earn 
5 times
5x points for every $2 spent):

$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000
Amount
Between $0 and $5,000

All other purchases (earn 1 point for every $2 spent):

$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000
Amount
Between $0 and $5,000
Get 5,000 bonus points by paying your bills with points92 and paying down your balance.94 
Your first year BMO Rewards points total:

Your first year B M O Rewards points total: 38,000
38,000

Yearly breakdown:
Welcome bonus points:
20,000
Recurring bills, grocery, dining and takeout:
15,000
Pay your Balance and Pay with Points bonus:
0
All other purchases:
3,000
Use of the reward calculator is for illustrative purposes only. Values displayed valid as of December 10, 2023.
Estimated yearly rewards
Pay with Points
Travel
Merchandise
Use your BMO Rewards points to treat yourself to something big – or something small. They’re yours to spend however you'd like.
You could redeem 42,000 points for dinner for two at a nice restaurant.
OR redeem those points on a variety of everyday treats, such as:
2,400 points for lattes for you and a friend
12,600 points for a monthly gym membership
16,800 points for a spa treatment
APPLY NOW
Travel Coverage
Extended Insurance
Security Features
Additional Perks

Protect your next adventure with BMO Travel Insurance

Although your credit card does not include travel insurance, we make it easy to travel confidently with our flexible travel coverage options.  

Single Trip Plans: Ideal for one-time vacations or quick business trips. Get coverage for emergency medical expenses, trip cancellations, baggage loss and more. 
Multi-Trip Plans: Perfect for frequent travellers. Enjoy year-round protection for unlimited trips within your chosen coverage period.
LEARN MORE
Digital features and security at your fingertips

Give your financial health a boost with online and mobile banking tools. Enjoy more control over your credit card and a better understanding about how you’re using it.

Safety and security

Can’t find your card? No worries, you can lock it, unlock it or report it lost or stolen at any time.

Financial insights

Stay on top of your spending with a personalized look at your money.

Credit Score

Get free, 24/7 access to Credit Coach with no impact to your credit score.

Dispute a transaction and PIN reset

Resolve an issue with your statement or reset your PIN directly from your mobile app.

FAQs
Frequently asked questions
Where can I learn more about the BMO Rewards program?

Visit bmorewards.com to check out where your BMO Rewards points can take you or to browse our online merchandise catalogue and more.

How do I pay with my BMO Rewards points?
What information do I need to provide to apply for my card?
How do I know if I’m eligible for a BMO® credit card?
Is my application secure?
Help me choose

Let us know what you’re looking for in a credit card and we’ll find your best match.

HELP ME CHOOSE
Compare your options

Select the cards you’re interested in and see how their features compare against each other.

COMPARE CARDS
Get started
Activate your card
Register for online banking
Set up Click to Pay
Click to download on the Apple Store
Manage your card
Balance transfers
Add another cardholder
Lock/Unlock your card
Lost or Stolen card
Manage your payments
Set up auto pay
Credit card balance protection
BMO PaySmart
Manage your rewards
BMO Rewards
BMO CashBack
Want to know even more? Find all the details here
CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
CDIC PROTECTING YOUR DEPOSITS PDF

We are members of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC)

Explore our services
Bank Accounts
Credit Card
Mortgages
Loans
Investments
Creditor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Security Centre
How We Protect You
How to Protect Yourself
Security Tips
Learning Centre
Report Fraud
Report Lost/Stolen Debit Card
Report Lost/Stolen Credit Card
Security Alerts
Ways to Bank
Overview
Register for Online Banking
Digital Banking
Deposit Money
Request Money
Transfer Money
Send Money
Global Money Transfer
Pay Bills
BMO Debit Card
Overdraft Protection
CRA Direct Deposit
Digital Demos
BMO Alerts
Customer support
Branch locator
Book an appointment
About BMO
Investor Relations
Privacy
Legal
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Careers
Accessibility at BMO
Accessibility Feedback
Site map
Customer Complaint Handling Process
Feedback

Cookie banner
We, and third parties we select, use cookies, tracking tools, webforms and other similar technologies to collect certain information about you, your device and use of our digital properties. This protects you from fraud, improves your online experience, monitors analytics and performance of our digital properties, and presents you with relevant marketing messages. The third parties we select may also use your information in accordance with their privacy policies. Learn more about our Digital Privacy Policy on bmo.com.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Manage your preferences

Hi there! I can help you explore BMO credit cards by providing customized recommendations.


