Skip navigation
Skip to chatbot
Site Selector
Personal
Search box
Country Selector
You're on B M O Canada website
Language Selector
EN
English
SIGN IN
Bank Accounts
Credit Cards
Mortgages
Loans
Investing
Insurance
Offers & Programs
Navigation skipped
Personal
Credit cards
BMO eclipse Visa Infinite Card
BMO eclipse Visa Infinite* Card

Get 5x 
five times
the points on groceries, gas, takeout and more.67

Welcome offer

NEW Get up to $1,150 in value including up to 70,000 Bonus points, monthly streaming statement credit, $50 anniversary lifestyle credit, and no annual fee in your first year.66

APPLY NOW

Minimum $60,000 (individual) or $100,000 (household) annual income required OR minimum $15,000 declared current annual spend.

Our best offer, up to $1,15066

This includes:  

Up to 70,000 bonus points66
$20 monthly streaming subscription credits in your first year66
No annual fee in your first year66
$50 Anniversary Lifestyle Credit66
BMO eclipse Visa Infinite* Card

Ready to make every moment an eclipse moment? Here’s what you need to know.

120 dollars reduced to 0 dollars
$120

 $0

annual fee8
Annual fee waived in the first year66

21.99%

for purchases8

23.99%

for cash advances8

21.99%

for Quebec residents8

Your everyday just got more rewarding
5x the points on the must-haves

Get 5 points for every $1 you spend on everyday essentials like groceries, gas, and transit.67

$50 annual lifestyle credit

Get a $50 statement credit every year to use however you want.69

Earn 10% more points

On all purchases when you add an authorized user to your account.68 Lucky you (and them!)

Make every day a 5x points day

Earn more (a lot more) on your daily needs and wants.

Groceries

Earn 5 points per $1 spent at grocery stores.67

Gas & transit

Earn 5 points per $1 spent on gas, public transit, and rideshare apps like Uber and Lyft.67

Dining out

Earn 5 points per $1 spent on dining out or grabbing drinks at your favorite restaurants, pubs, and cafés.67

Takeout & food delivery

Earn 5 points per $1 spent on takeout or delivery from restaurants and apps like UberEats and DoorDash.67

Plus, earn 1 point for every $1 spent on everything else70 – there’s so much points potential out there.

APPLY NOW

Minimum $60,000 (individual) or $100,000 (household) annual income required
OR
Minimum $15,000 declared current annual spend.

So good, it’s award-winning

Our BMO eclipse Visa Infinite* Card has received nation-wide recognition.

Winner of the 2025 rates.ca Best Card for Young Professionals

Winner of the 2024 Milesopedia Best Gas & Transit Credit Card

Save on groceries and more with complimentary Instacart+

Enjoy six months of Instacart+ and a $10 monthly Instacart credit when you enroll your eligible BMO Credit Card.120 Terms apply. 

LEARN MORE
Travel Coverage
Extended Insurance
Visa Infinite* Benefits
Security Features
Out-of-province/out-of-country emergency medical insurance up to $5 million per insured person, per trip - up to 15 consecutive days.
footnote star
*
Common carrier insurance. 
Car rental – collision/loss damage insurance. 

*
footnote star details
​ Please review the BMO Eclipse Visa Infinite Certificate of Insurance for more details. 

TOP-UP INSURANCE

Your credit card already includes built-in travel insurance. With BMO Travel Insurance, you can top up your coverage for longer trips and boost your benefits for added protection beyond your existing plan.

LEARN MORE
BMO Rewards calculator
Find out how many points you can earn with the BMO eclipse Visa Infinite* Card
Estimate your monthly spending

Dining, groceries, gas and transit (earn 
5 times
5x the BMO Rewards points for every $1 spent):

$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000
Amount
Between $0 and $5,000

All other purchases (earn 1 point for every $1 spent):

$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000
Amount
Between $0 and $5,000
See your BMO Rewards points multiply when you add additional cardholders.  
Your first year BMO Rewards points total:

36,000

Yearly breakdown:
Bonus points:
0
Dining, groceries, gas and transit:
30,000
All other purchases:
6,000
Use of the reward calculator is for illustrative purposes only. Values displayed valid as of January 6, 2022.
Pay with Points
Travel
Merchandise
Use your BMO Rewards points to treat yourself to something big – or something small. They’re yours to use however you like.
You could redeem 42,000 points for dinner for two at a nice restaurant.
OR redeem those points on a variety of everyday treats, such as:
2,400 points for lattes for you and a friend
12,600 points for a monthly gym membership
16,800 points for a spa treatment
APPLY NOW
Minimum $60,000 (individual) or $100,000 (household) annual income required
OR
Minimum $15,000 declared current annual spend.
BMO PaySmart™ Installment Plans

Live now, pay smarter with a BMO PaySmart plan by turning your credit card purchases into smaller, monthly payments at a low cost.

LEARN MORE
Ready to apply?

Start celebrating your everyday moments now.

APPLY NOW

We'll respond in under 60 seconds.

Digital features and security at your fingertips

Give your financial health a boost with online and mobile banking tools. Enjoy more control over your credit card and a better understanding about how you’re using it.

Safety and security

Can’t find your card? No worries, you can lock it, unlock it or report it lost or stolen at any time.

Financial insights

Stay on top of your spending with a personalized look at your money.

Credit Score

Get free, 24/7 access to Credit Coach with no impact to your credit score.

Dispute a transaction and PIN reset

Resolve an issue with your statement or reset your PIN directly from your mobile app.

FAQs
Frequently Asked questions
What are the benefits of a lifestyle credit card?

Think of it as getting rewarded just for being you! A lifestyle credit card offers perks like 5x 
five times
the points on everyday purchases like gas, groceries, transit, dining out and ordering in, and 1 point for everything else. It’s a credit card with the best benefits for making the most of every moment.

How do I pay with my BMO Rewards points?
What information do I need to provide to apply for my card?
What are the eligibility requirements for this card?
What are the minimum income requirements for this card?
Is my application secure?
Can I set up a BMO PaySmart installment plan with this card?
Help me choose

Let us know what you’re looking for in a credit card and we’ll find your best match.

HELP ME CHOOSE
Compare cards

Select the cards you’re interested in and see how their features compare against each other.

COMPARE CARDS
Get started
Activate your card
Register for online banking
Set up Click to Pay
Click to download on the Apple Store
Manage your card
Balance transfers
Add another cardholder
Lock/Unlock your card
Lost or Stolen card
Manage your payments
Set up auto pay
Credit card balance protection
BMO PaySmart
Manage your rewards
BMO Rewards
BMO CashBack
Want to know even more? Find all the details here
Benefits Guide
Discover all the features and perks of your new credit card.
Get PDF for full details
BMO Credit Card Cardholder Agreement

Get all the details about the benefits that come with your card as well as your rights and responsibilities as an eclipse Visa cardholder.

Get PDF for full details
Certificate of Insurance

This guide outlines the terms and conditions governing the insurance that comes with your card.

Get PDF for full details
Insurance Product Summary (For Quebec Residents)
Summary of the benefits, and key terms and conditions of the insurance that comes with your card.
Get PDF for full details
BMO Rewards Terms and Conditions
This guide outlines in detail terms and conditions governing your BMO rewards.
Get PDF for full details
Important information on rates and fees

Key information about your BMO credit card, such as current fees, interest rates, grace period, minimum payment, foreign currency conversion and more.

Get PDF for full details

® BMO is a registered trademark of Bank of Montreal.

Footnote star details
* Trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under license.

CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
CDIC PROTECTING YOUR DEPOSITS PDF

We are members of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC)

Explore our services
Bank Accounts
Credit Card
Mortgages
Loans
Investments
Creditor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Security Centre
How We Protect You
How to Protect Yourself
Security Tips
Learning Centre
Report Fraud
Report Lost/Stolen Debit Card
Report Lost/Stolen Credit Card
Security Alerts
Ways to Bank
Overview
Register for Online Banking
Digital Banking
Deposit Money
Request Money
Transfer Money
Send Money
Global Money Transfer
Pay Bills
BMO Debit Card
Overdraft Protection
CRA Direct Deposit
Digital Demos
BMO Alerts
Customer support
Branch locator
Book an appointment
About BMO
Investor Relations
Privacy
Legal
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Careers
Accessibility at BMO
Accessibility Feedback
Site map
Customer Complaint Handling Process
Feedback

Cookie banner
We, and third parties we select, use cookies, tracking tools, webforms and other similar technologies to collect certain information about you, your device and use of our digital properties. This protects you from fraud, improves your online experience, monitors analytics and performance of our digital properties, and presents you with relevant marketing messages. The third parties we select may also use your information in accordance with their privacy policies. Learn more about our Digital Privacy Policy on bmo.com.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Manage your preferences

Hi there! I can help you explore BMO credit cards by providing customized recommendations.


