Skip navigation
Skip to chatbot
Site Selector
Personal
Search box
Country Selector
You're on B M O Canada website
Language Selector
EN
English
SIGN IN
Bank Accounts
Credit Cards
Mortgages
Loans
Investing
Insurance
Offers & Programs
Navigation skipped
Personal
Credit cards
BMO Ascend World Elite Mastercard
BMO Ascend
World Elite®*
star

Mastercard®*

Unlock your next adventure. Redeem your points for flights, hotels, or cruises and enjoy the same great value every time.

Welcome offer

NEW Get up to $1,600 in value and the annual fees waived in the first year.1 Plus, get a 0% introductory interest rate on Balance transfers for 12 months with a 2% transfer fee.∆∆∆

Get the $150 annual fee rebated annually with our BMO Premium Chequing Account.††

APPLY NOW

Minimum $80,000 (individual) or $150,000 (household) annual income required.

Our best offer, up to $1,6001

This includes:

Up to 100,000 BMO Rewards Welcome Bonus Points1
Up to $200 NEXUS Statement Credit in your first year1
Mastercard Travel Pass and 4 Complimentary Lounge Passes1
No annual fee in the first year for both the Primary Cardholder and Authorized Users1
Find your unforgettable travel experiences
5x the points

For every $1 spent on eligible travel purchases.9A,9B

Airport lounge access

With free membership in Mastercard Travel Pass provided by DragonPass, plus 4 free passes a year.26A

Travel and medical protection

With unlimited-trips-per-year coverage for journeys up to 21 days (up to $2 million in eligible medical expenses).46

Save on groceries and more with complimentary Instacart+

Enjoy six months of Instacart+ and a $10 monthly Instacart credit when you enroll your eligible BMO Credit Card.120

LEARN MORE
Get rewarded with all your most memorable moments and everyday spending
5x the points

For every $1 spent on eligible travel purchases.9A,9B

3x the points

For every $1 spent on eligible entertainment purchases.9A,9B﻿

3x the points

For every $1 spent on eligible dining purchases.9A,9B﻿

3x the points

For every $1 spent on recurring bill payments.9A,9B﻿

Plus, 1x the point for every $1 spent everywhere else.9B

APPLY NOW

Minimum $80,000 (individual) or $150,000 (household) annual income required.

Your BMO Rewards benefits
Redeem your BMO Rewards points using Pay with Points to cover eligible travel purchases like flights, hotels, car rentals, vacation packages, cruises and more.64
Save for the future by redeeming points for a contribution to a BMO savings or investment account.
Pay with Points. Let your points pick up the tab. Apply your points directly to eligible purchases.64
 
BMO Ascend World Elite®* Mastercard®*

Ready to create unforgettable memories at home and away? Here’s what you need to know.

150 dollars reduced to 0 dollars
$150

 $0

annual fee8

The annual fee is waived in the first year– a savings of $150.1

21.99%

for purchases8

23.99%

for cash advances8

21.99%

 for Quebec residents8

APPLY NOW

Minimum $80,000 (individual) or $150,000 (household) annual income required.

BMO Rewards calculator
Find out how many reward points you can earn with the BMO Ascend World Elite Mastercard.
Estimate your monthly spending

5x the points for every $1 spent on eligible travel purchases

Slider increases or decreases the dollar amount based on the direction it is moved in
$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000

3x the points for every $1 spent on eligible dining and entertainment purchases and recurring bill payments

Slider increases or decreases the dollar amount based on the direction it is moved in
$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000

1 point for every $1 spent everywhere else

Slider increases or decreases the dollar amount based on the direction it is moved in
$500
Minimum $0
$0
Maximum $5,000
$5,000
Your first year BMO Rewards points total

99,000

Yearly breakdown
Welcome Bonus points
45,000
Travel
24,000
Dining, entertainment, and recurring bill payments
12,000
All other purchases
18,000
Use of the reward calculator is for illustrative purposes only. Values displayed valid as of March 6, 2024.

Estimated yearly rewards

Pay with Points
Travel
Merchandise
Use your BMO Rewards points to treat yourself to something big – or something small. They’re yours to use however you like.
You could redeem 42,000 points for dinner for two at a nice restaurant.
OR redeem those points on a variety of everyday treats, such as:
2,400 points for lattes for you and a friend
12,600 points for a monthly gym membership
16,800 points for a spa treatment
APPLY NOW
Minimum $80,000 (individual) or $150,000 (household) annual income required.
Save on groceries and more with complimentary Instacart+

Enjoy six months of Instacart+ and a $10 monthly Instacart credit when you enroll your eligible BMO Credit Card.120 Terms apply. 

LEARN MORE
How to Pay with Points

Treat yourself with BMO Rewards and Pay with Points for any purchase. Perfect for life’s everyday pleasures like a latte, subscription services or a bouquet of flowers just because.

1. Sign into bmorewards.com with your BMO Online Banking credentials or through the BMO Mobile Banking App and select the Pay with Points tab.

2. Browse your recent transactions and select which eligible purchase you want to redeem points for.

3. Choose how many points you would like to redeem toward your purchase - you can redeem your points for as little as $1!64﻿

Digital features and security at your fingertips

Give your financial health a boost with online and mobile banking tools. Enjoy more control over your credit card and a better understanding about how you’re using it.

Safety and security

Can’t find your card? No worries, you can lock it, unlock it or report it lost or stolen at any time.

Financial insights

Stay on top of your spending with a personalized look at your money.

Credit Score

Get free, 24/7 access to Credit Coach with no impact to your credit score.

Dispute a transaction and PIN reset

Resolve an issue with your statement or reset your PIN directly from your mobile app.

Travel Coverage
Extended Insurance
Security Features
Additional Perks
Out-of-province/out-of-country emergency medical insurance up to $5 million per insured person, per trip - up to 21 consecutive days.
footnote star
*
Common carrier insurance. 
Car rental – collision/loss damage insurance. 
Trip cancellation/trip interruption insurance. 
Flight delay insurance up to $500 per trip for all insured persons.
footnote star
*
Baggage insurance. 
Hotel burglary insurance up to $1,000 per occurrence for all insured persons.
footnote star
* 

*
footnote star details
​ Please review the BMO Ascend World Elite Certificate of Insurance for more details. 

TOP-UP INSURANCE

Your credit card already includes built-in travel insurance. With BMO Travel Insurance, you can top up your coverage for longer trips and boost your benefits for added protection beyond your existing plan.

LEARN MORE
BMO PaySmart™ Installment Plans

Live now, pay smarter with a BMO PaySmart plan by turning your credit card purchases into smaller, monthly payments at a low cost.

LEARN MORE
Ready to apply?

Start earning and redeeming more rewards now.

APPLY NOW

We’ll respond in under 60 seconds.

BMO Ascend World Elite Mastercard FAQs
Frequently asked questions

Where can I learn more about the BMO Rewards program?

Visit bmorewards.com to check out where your BMO Rewards points can take you or to browse our online merchandise catalogue and more.

What information do I need to provide to apply for my card?

How do I know if I’m eligible for a BMO credit Card?

Is my application secure?

Help! I have an emergency with my BMO Ascend World Elite Mastercard.

Can I set up a BMO PaySmart installment plan with this card?

Help me choose

Let us know what you’re looking for in a credit card and we’ll find your best match.

HELP ME CHOOSE
Compare cards

Select the cards you’re interested in and see how their features compare against each other.

COMPARE CARDS
Get started
Activate your card
Register for online banking
Set up Click to Pay
Click to download on the Apple Store
Manage your card
Balance transfers
Add another cardholder
Lock/Unlock your card
Lost or Stolen card
Manage your payments
Set up auto pay
Credit card balance protection
BMO PaySmart
Manage your rewards
BMO Rewards
BMO CashBack
Documentation
CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION
CDIC PROTECTING YOUR DEPOSITS PDF

We are members of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC)

Explore our services
Bank Accounts
Credit Card
Mortgages
Loans
Investments
Creditor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Security Centre
How We Protect You
How to Protect Yourself
Security Tips
Learning Centre
Report Fraud
Report Lost/Stolen Debit Card
Report Lost/Stolen Credit Card
Security Alerts
Ways to Bank
Overview
Register for Online Banking
Digital Banking
Deposit Money
Request Money
Transfer Money
Send Money
Global Money Transfer
Pay Bills
BMO Debit Card
Overdraft Protection
CRA Direct Deposit
Digital Demos
BMO Alerts
Customer support
Branch locator
Book an appointment
About BMO
Investor Relations
Privacy
Legal
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Careers
Accessibility at BMO
Accessibility Feedback
Site map
Customer Complaint Handling Process
Feedback

Cookie banner
We, and third parties we select, use cookies, tracking tools, webforms and other similar technologies to collect certain information about you, your device and use of our digital properties. This protects you from fraud, improves your online experience, monitors analytics and performance of our digital properties, and presents you with relevant marketing messages. The third parties we select may also use your information in accordance with their privacy policies. Learn more about our Digital Privacy Policy on bmo.com.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Manage your preferences

Hi there! I can help you explore BMO credit cards by providing customized recommendations.


