Home Credit cardsCredit cardsOur credit cards offer a variety of benefits designed to fit your needs and lifestyle. Discover what they are and choose the card that's right for you.What type of credit card are you looking for?Compare card features or use the filters to view credit cards that match your preferences.  Compare cards   FiltersLow interest rate No annual fee Cash back BONUSDOLLARS rewards Travel  Flexi Visa*Interest rate on purchases10.9%Go to note [ 1 ]Interest rate on cash advances12.9%Go to note [ 1 ]Annual feeNoneGo to note [ 2 ]    View details Flexi Visa     Apply for this cardApply for the Flexi Visa.   Cash Back Visa*Interest rate on purchases20.9%Interest rate on cash advances21.9%Annual feeNoneGo to note [ 3 ]Cash backUp to 2% on your purchasesGo to note [ 4 ]    View details Cash Back Visa     Apply for this cardApply for the Cash Back Visa.   Cash Back Mastercard®Interest rate on purchases20.9%Interest rate on cash advances21.9%Annual feeNoneGo to note [ 3 ]Cash backUp to 2% on your purchasesGo to note [ 4 ]    View details Cash Back Mastercard     Apply for this cardApply for the Cash Back Mastercard.   Bonus Visa*Interest rate on purchases20.9%Interest rate on cash advances21.9%Annual feeNoneGo to note [ 3 ]Rewards programUp to 2% of your purchases in BONUS­DOLLARSGo to note [ 5 ]    View details Bonus Visa     Apply for this cardApply for the Bonus Visa.   Cash Back World Elite® Mastercard®Interest rate on purchases20.9%Interest rate on cash advances21.9%Annual fee$100Go to note [ 3 ]Cash backUp to 4% on your purchasesGo to note [ 4 ]    View details Cash Back World Elite Mastercard     Apply for this cardApply for the Cash Back World Elite Mastercard.   Odyssey® Gold Visa*Interest rate on purchases20.9%Interest rate on cash advances21.9%Annual fee$110Go to note [ 3 ]Rewards programUp to 2% of your purchases in BONUS­DOLLARSGo to note [ 5 ]    View details Odyssey Gold Visa     Apply for this cardApply for the Odyssey Gold Visa.   Odyssey® World Elite® Mastercard®Interest rate on purchases20.9%Interest rate on cash advances21.9%Annual fee$130Go to note [ 3 ]Rewards programUp to 3% of your purchases in BONUS­DOLLARSGo to note [ 5 ]    View details Odyssey World Elite Mastercard     Apply for this cardApply for the Odyssey World Elite Mastercard.   Odyssey® Visa Infinite Privilege*Interest rate on purchases11.9%Go to note [ 1 ]Interest rate on cash advances12.9%Go to note [ 1 ]Annual fee$295 for Desjardins members and $395 for non-membersGo to note [ 6 ]Rewards programUp to 4% of your purchases in BONUS­DOLLARSGo to note [ 5 ]    View details Odyssey Visa Infinite Privilege     Apply for this cardApply for the Odyssey Visa Infinite Privilege.   Important End of overdraft transfer serviceAs of November 23, 2025, you can no longer sign up for overdraft transfers. Current users can access this service until March 28, 2026.See our other solutions to prevent overdrafts and avoid the inconveniences of being low on funds. Let us help you find the right cardAnswer 6 questions to see the 2 credit cards best suited to your lifestyle.  See questions to get card suggestions. Treat yourself with the BONUS­DOLLARS Rewards ProgramEarn BONUSDOLLARS® by paying for your purchases with an eligible credit card. Then redeem them for meals at a restaurant, trips, financial products, gift cards and more!    Discover the BONUS­DOLLARS Rewards Program   Do you often travel to the US or live there part of the year?You might be interested in the U.S. Visa credit card. You can make US dollar transactions without having to worry about conversion fees.    See the U.S. Visa card  Manage your credit card account onlineUse AccèsD to manage your credit card account anytime, anywhere.View your statement and pay your credit card billLock or replace a cardActivate or change your credit card PINSee your BONUSDOLLARS or cash back balanceChange the address on your account  Log in to AccèsD   Download the Desjardins mobile services app  External link.    External link.  Don't have an account with a Desjardins caisse or credit union?You need to register for AccèsD before you can manage your credit card account. You can register online Register for AccèsD with a credit card number. or by phone at 1-800-224-7737 Phone number of customer service. This link opens your phone app. (1-800-CAISSES). Lost or stolen card?Before calling us, you can log in to AccèsD and use the Lock card feature to temporarily lock your card and prevent fraudulent transactions.    Learn more  about the Lock card feature.    Fraud protectionSecurity alerts by text message if we detect unusual activity on your credit card accountZero Liability if fraudulent transactions are made with your cardDesjardins Identity Protection to safeguard your assets and support you if your identity is stolenFAQWith the phasing out of overdraft transfers, what can I do to protect my account against insufficient fund charges?With the phasing out of overdraft transfers, what can I do to protect my account against insufficient fund charges?To make sure your account doesn’t have insufficient funds, activate the Insufficient funds and Minimum balance reached alerts in our mobile and online services.Learn more about alertsYou can also get a line of credit that’s right for you. Use it to cover a payment or a withdrawal if you don’t have the funds you need in your account.  Do I need to notify you before I travel to avoid having my card locked?Do I need to notify you before I travel to avoid having my card locked?No. However, if we suspect fraud, your card may still be locked while you travel. You can lower the chance of this happening by using your PIN for all your transactions abroad.Make sure that your information is up to date in the Security section in AccèsD so that we can reach you if your card is locked.If your card has been locked and we can't reach you, you can call us collect at 514-397-4610 Phone number to report a locked credit card. This link opens your phone app..Sign up for voice authentication before your trip by calling us at 1-800-224-7737 Phone number for customer service. This link opens your phone app.  (1-800-CAISSES).  How do I make a payment on my Desjardins credit card?How do I make a payment on my Desjardins credit card?You can make a payment on your credit card online or on the phone.On AccèsDLog in to AccèsD.Under Cards, loans and credit or under Accounts in the Quick access section of the mobile app, select the credit card in question.When you log in using a web browser, select Pay card. If you use the app, select Pay.Follow the instructions.By phoneMontreal area:514-397-4415 Phone number of the card services customer service for the Montreal area. This link opens your phone app.Elsewhere in Canada and the US:1-800-363-3380 Phone number of the card services customer service for Canada and the US. This link opens your phone app.  How do I activate my new Desjardins credit card?How do I activate my new Desjardins credit card?You can activate your card online or by phone in the following cases:Your card was replaced and you want to make a purchase without using your PIN (online purchases, contactless payment or preauthorized payment).You applied for a credit card and you want to use it for the first time.You can activate your replacement card by using your old PIN at a payment terminal.OnlineLog in to the Desjardins mobile services app or AccèsD from a web browser.On the page where your new credit card appears, select Activate card.Enter your credit card expiry date and the 3-digit CVV, then select Continue.Enter your PIN twice, then select Confirm to complete the activation process.For information on credit balance insurance, select Learn more.By phoneMontreal area:514-397-1580 Phone number to activate your credit card for the Montreal area. This link opens your phone app.Elsewhere in Canada and the US:1-888-389-7823 Phone number to activate your credit card for Canada and the US. This link opens your phone app.  How do I change the address for my Desjardins credit card account?How do I change the address for my Desjardins credit card account?You can change the address for your credit card account by phone at 1-800-363-3380 Phone number of the card services customer service for Canada and the US. This link opens your phone app. or online. To do it online, see how to change the address linked to your credit card.  How can I increase my credit limit?How can I increase my credit limit?If you’re the sole cardholder, you can apply to increase your credit limit on AccèsD. See how to manage your credit card limit online.If you’re not the sole cardholder, you need to apply for a limit increase by phone at 1-800-224-7737 Phone number of the card services customer service for Canada and the US. This link opens your phone app. (1-800-CAISSES).  How can I cancel my credit card?How can I cancel my credit card?You can cancel your credit card if you don't want to use it anymore. However, cancelling your credit card doesn't erase:The balance dueAny outstanding payments on an Accord D financing planAny payments left on the pay in installments optionTransactions authorized before the cancellationPre-authorized payment arrangements (such as memberships or bill payments)To close your credit card account, call us at 514-397-4415 Phone number of the card services customer service for the Montreal area. This link opens your phone app. or at 1-800-363-3380 Phone number of the card services customer service for Canada and the US. This link opens your phone app.. Keep in mind that you'll have to pay off your balance in full even if you cancel your card.  How do I dispute a credit card charge?How do I dispute a credit card charge?Disputing a charge is a process that allows you to request a refund on an unauthorized transaction or on one where the terms and conditions established with the merchant weren't fulfilled. Before disputing a charge, make sure it's not a preauthorization at a gas station or a transaction that's authorized but not posted.Follow these steps to dispute a charge:Make a good-faith effort to resolve the issue with the merchant.Contact Desjardins customer service to open your file.Wait for the dispute settlement.Learn more about disputing a credit card chargeIf you suspect a fraud, contact us immediately at 1-800-224-7737 This link opens your phone app..Learn more about refunds in the event of fraud     See all credit card questions   Contact us By phoneMonday to Friday: 7 AM to 9 PM (Eastern Time) Saturday and Sunday: 8 AM to 6 PM (Eastern Time)1-800-363-3380 Phone number of the card services customer service for Canada and the US. This link opens your phone app.NotesAnnual fees and fixed annual interest rates (like the interest rate on purchases and the interest rate on cash advances) are subject to change with 30 days' notice. Mastercard® and World Elite® are registered trademarks, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.Odyssey® is a registered trademark of the Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec.BONUSDOLLARS® is a registered trademark of the Fédération des caisses Desjardins du Québec.* Trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under licence. If you don't make the minimum payment by the due date, the annual interest rates on purchases and cash advances will increase to 19.9% until we receive your payment.[Back to note reference Go to note 
[ 1 ]]You have 25 days from the date the monthly statement is issued to pay the full balance on your account without interest, except on cash advances. The minimum payment is 5% of the following: your outstanding balance, interest on purchases and monthly installments that were not paid by the due date for the previous period, regular purchases and cash advances from the current statement period, plus interest on cash advances. This amount will also include any other amounts due under your credit card contract. Here are some examples of applicable interest for a 30-day billing cycle: If the regular annual interest rate is 10.9% and your average daily outstanding balance is $100, you'd be charged $0.90 in interest. If it's $500, you'd be charged $4.48 in interest, and if it's $1,000 you'd be charged $8.96 in interest. Here are some examples of applicable interest for a 30-day billing cycle: If the regular annual interest rate is 12.9% and your average daily outstanding balance is $100, you'd be charged $1.06 in interest. If it's $500, you'd be charged $5.30 in interest, and if it's $1,000 you'd be charged $10.60 in interest.[Back to note reference Go to note 
[ 2 ]]You have 21 days from the date the monthly statement is issued to pay the full balance on your account without interest, except on cash advances. The minimum payment is 5% of the following: your outstanding balance, interest on purchases, monthly installments that were not paid by the due date for the previous period, regular purchases and cash advances from the current statement period, plus interest on cash advances. This amount will also include any other amounts due under your credit card contract. Here are some examples of applicable interest for a 30-day billing cycle: If the regular annual interest rate is 20.9% and your average daily outstanding balance is $100, you'd be charged $1.72 in interest. If it's $500, you'd be charged $8.59 in interest, and if it's $1,000 you'd be charged $17.18 in interest. If the regular annual interest rate is 21.9% and your average daily outstanding balance is $100, you'd be charged $1.80 in interest. If it's $500, you'd be charged $9.00 in interest, and if it's $1,000 you'd be charged $18.00 in interest.[Back to note reference Go to note 
[ 3 ]]Cash back is calculated as a percentage of the purchases made with the card. Merchandise returns, cash advances, equal payment cash advances, RRSP cash advances, promotional and regular cheques, in-store Accord D financing, interest charges, purchases of foreign currency, electronic funds transfers, money orders and any type of purchase made in a casino do not earn cash back.[Back to note reference Go to note 
[ 4 ]]BONUSDOLLARS are calculated as a percentage of the purchases made with the card. Merchandise returns, cash advances, equal payment cash advances, RRSP cash advances, promotional and regular cheques, in-store Accord D financing, interest charges, purchases of foreign currency, electronic funds transfers, money orders and any type of purchase made in a casino do not earn BONUSDOLLARS.[Back to note reference Go to note 
[ 5 ]]You have 21 days from the date the monthly statement is issued to pay the full balance on your account without interest, except on cash advances. The minimum payment is 5% of the following: your outstanding balance, interest on purchases and monthly installments that were not paid by the due date for the previous period, regular purchases and cash advances from the current statement period, plus interest on cash advances. This amount will also include any other amounts due under your credit card contract. Here are some examples of applicable interest for a 30-day billing cycle: If the regular annual interest rate is 11.9% and your average daily outstanding balance is $100, you'd be charged $0.98 in interest. If it's $500, you'd be charged $4.89 in interest, and if it's $1,000 you'd be charged $9.78 in interest. Here are some examples of applicable interest for a 30-day billing cycle: If the regular annual interest rate is 12.9% and your average daily outstanding balance is $100, you'd be charged $1.06 in interest. If it's $500, you'd be charged $5.30 in interest, and if it's $1,000 you'd be charged $10.60 in interest. [Back to note reference Go to note 
[ 6 ]]