MBNA Rewards World Elite® Mastercard®

Welcome offer: Earn up to 30,000 bonus MBNA Rewards Points†† for cash back, gift cards and more. Conditions Apply.

Primary Cardholder/
Additional Cardholder¤

$120/$50

Interest: Purchases

21.99%

Interest: Cash Advances

22.99%

Interest: Balance Transfers✪

22.99%

Eligibility Requirements

Open to Canadian residents who are of the age of majority in their province/territory of residence. Your personal annual income must be greater than $80,000, or your household annual income must be $150,000 or greater††††.

Secure
 Apply Now
Compare Card

Product rates and fees may vary across different regions.
Your region is currently set to

 Ontario. Change region
At a Glance
20,000 bonus points††  (approximately $165 in cash back value) after you make $2,000 or more in eligible purchases within the first 90 days of your account opening and 10,000 bonus points†† (approximately $80 in cash back value) once enrolled for paperless e-statements within the first 90 days of account opening
Earn 5 points‡ for every $1 spent on eligible restaurant, grocery, digital media, membership, and household utility purchases until $50,000 is spent annually in the applicable category. 1 point‡ for every $1 on all other eligible purchases.
Each year, you will receive Birthday Bonus Points‡ equal to 10% of the total number of Points the Account earned in the 12 months before the month of the primary cardholder's birthday, to a maximum Birthday Bonus each year of 15,000 Points.
Flexible rewards: Redeem points‡ for cash back, brand-name merchandise, gift cards from participating retailers, charitable donations, and travel.
Your MBNA Rewards Points never expire as long as your account is open and in good standing.
The MBNA Payment Plan can make it more convenient to pay for large purchases and manage your budget. Pay for eligible credit card purchases of $100 or over by making monthly payments. Choose from three Payment Plan terms: 6, 12 or 18 months. Conditions and fees apply. Use the payment plan calculator to find out how much you can save in interest.
Award-winning MBNA Credit Cards
slide 1 of 4

2025 RATESDOTCA best mastercard in Canada award

2025 creditcardGenius best flexible rewards mastercard in Canada award

2024 moneyGenius best cash back credit card in Canada award

2024 Milesopedia best credit card for everyday spending in Canada award

More Card Benefits & Features
MBNA Rewards Program

The MBNA Rewards Program provides you the flexibility to earn, save and redeem points for items you want, when you want.

Shop online with the MBNA Rewards Catalogue
Through the MBNA Rewards Catalogue, you can redeem your points for travel, gift cards and brand-name merchandise.
Apply points towards your MBNA Rewards credit card balance
Redeem points towards a Statement Credit and apply it directly to your credit card balance. You also have the option to redeem for cash by cheque, a deposit to a chequing or savings account, or towards a donation to a participating charitable organization you select.
Redemption values
The redemption value for travel is 100 points per $1, while cash and charity donations are 120 points per $1. Merchandise and gift card point values are disclosed in the Rewards Catalogue.
Everyday Services
Emergency Services
Certain services are available in case of emergency. Services include Emergency Card Replacement on a 7-10 day delivery or by courier.
Trip Assistance and Legal AssistanceF
Features include support for Emergency Cash Transfer, Lost Document and Ticket Replacement, Lost Baggage Assistance, Pre-trip Information and Legal Assistance while travelling.
More Coverage and Support
Cash Advances at banks and ATMs internationally. Conditions and fees apply.
Rental Vehicle Benefits
Includes Collision Damage Waiver BenefitsB providing coverage for up to 31 consecutive days for eligible auto rental damage.
Additional Benefits
Travel Medical InsuranceC
Up to $2 million of coverage for the first 21 days of your trip. Available for an insured person under 65 years of age.
Delayed and Lost Baggage InsuranceD
Up to $1,000 in coverage per insured person per trip toward the purchase of essentials such as clothes and toiletries if your baggage is delayed for over 4 hours or lost.
Flight/Trip Delay InsuranceE
Up to $500 in coverage per insured person if your flight/trip is delayed for over 4 hours.
Mobile Device Insurance***
With Mobile Device Insurance, you’ve got up to $1,000 in coverage for eligible mobile devices in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage or mechanical breakdown.
Price Protection Service*****
If you purchase an eligible item with your card and find the same product advertised in Canada at a lower price within 60 days of the purchase, the difference will be refunded subject to a maximum of $500 per item and a calendar year maximum of $1,000 per account. Certain conditions and exclusions apply.
Save with Avis Rent A Car and Budget Rent A Car
Use your MBNA credit card to save a minimum of 10% off the base rates1, 2 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the base rates1, 2 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Avis: You can reserve your Avis car rental by visiting www.avis.ca/mbna. Quote Avis Worldwide Discount (AWD) #C078405 at the time of reservation and charge the full rental to your MBNA credit card.
Budget: You can reserve your Budget car rental by visiting www.budget.ca/mbna. Quote Budget Customer Discount (BCD) #A331704 at the time of reservation and charge the full rental to your MBNA credit card.
Security
Mastercard® contactless
Simply tap your Mastercard® at participating merchants to process payments safely and wirelessly – letting you keep your card in your hands at all times. Use your Mastercard® contactless at millions of international locations where contactless is accepted.
Mastercard® Zero Liability
As a Mastercard® credit card cardholder, you will not be responsible for unauthorized~ purchases made in store, over the telephone or online. Some conditions apply.
Card Verification Code (CVC)
All our credit cards use a CVC code that can normally be found on the signature strip on the back of a credit card (the last 3 digits). The purpose of this is to verify that the genuine credit card is being used to make the purchase.
Chip & PIN
All of our cards are Chip & PIN enabled, which is one of the most secure ways to pay by credit card. Instead of a signature, you will be asked to enter a 4-digit Personal Identification Number (PIN) that is to be known only by you. Learn more about Chip & PIN.
 
 
Find out more about MBNA Credit Cards
slide 1 of 4
Mastercard Benefits

Our catalogue of Mastercard products comes with a wide range of benefits and capabilities. There’s a Mastercard that’s right for you

Apply for the card that’s right for you

Have questions about how to apply for a credit card?

All about your new card

Learn about MBNA credit card balance transfers✪ and more

Account maintenance

We want you to feel comfortable about how we do business by being upfront about billing and payments

Legal

How to apply for a credit card
Apply Online

You've found the right fit. Apply for your new card using our simple and secure online credit card application.

 
Apply now
More information about MBNA Rewards World Elite® Mastercard®
slide 1 of 2
Documents related to your
MBNA credit card

For information about your Card, please refer to the MBNA Account Agreement.

MBNA Account Agreement (PDF)
MBNA Rewards Program Terms and Conditions (PDF)
MBNA Privacy Policy (PDF)
Insurance

See below for information regarding Insurance benefits.

Guide to Coverage (PDF)
Price Protection (PDF)
Product Summary PDF (For Quebec Residents Only)
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular Questions 