Platinum Business Mastercard

Turn your business expenses into rewards

Apply now
opens in a new tab
Banking solutions for business
Mastercard credit cards for businesses
Platinum Business Mastercard
On this page
Overview
Benefits
Advice
Platinum Business Mastercard at a glance
Earn 1.5 points per dollar spent,6 with no purchase limit
Manage your monthly spending limit
Insurance for departing flight delay, lost luggage, and car rentals 

Annual fee

$125

Annual fee for an additional card

$50

Minimum credit limit1

$1,000

Interest rate on purchases

20.99%

Interest rate for balance transfers and cash advances2,3

22.99%

 

Apply now
opens in a new tab

Fill out our secure online form in minutes.

Enjoy more benefits with the Platinum Business Mastercard
Separate your business and personal expenses
Easily manage your business expenses with the Platinum Business Mastercard® credit card
Card granted regardless of the size of your company and your industry
Lower annual fee than some of our personal cards, and the fee is tax-deductible
Earn 1.5 points with no purchase limit
Get 1.5 points for every $1 spent on eligible purchases6
Earn an additional 1.5 points for every $1 spent on eligible purchases with À la carte TravelTM agrency6
Combine your accumulated points with your personal National Bank rewards card
Turn your points into rewards or account credits
Get gifts and gift cards from our online boutique
opens in a new tab
Get holiday packages, airline tickets, and travel discounts exclusive to our À la carte Rewards Plan®
opens in a new tab
Exclusive to your Platinum Business card: pay for the expenses you want using the credit from your account

Want to create an account or sign in to À la carte RewardsTM to redeem your points?

Redeem points
opens in a new tab
Pre-authorized debit

When you sign up for this service
opens in a new tab
, the payment on your National Bank credit card account will be automatically taken from your National Bank account or an account at another financial institution on your credit card’s payment due date.

Turn your business expenses into rewards with the Platinum Business Mastercard credit card.
Apply now
opens in a new tab

Complete your application in minutes.

Our useful articles
ARTICLE
Does your personal credit history affect your SME’s financing?

You could be turned down for a business loan if your personal credit history is poor. Learn how you can avoid this.

November 07, 2024 – 5 minutes
ARTICLE
Business liquidity: How to optimize cash flow?

Close monitoring of your business accounting and cash flow can help you get through difficult times. Here’s how.

July 04, 2022 – 4 minutes
ARTICLE
Invoice factoring companies: What are the benefits?

Invoice factoring is a service offered by companies that buy your unpaid customer invoices and pay you for them. Find out how it works.

June 20, 2022 – 5 minutes
Showing slides 1 to 3 of 3
How can we help you? 
Tell us about your needs

Schedule a call with one of our experts for advice tailored to your reality.

Make an appointment
opens in a new tab
Call us

Need assistance? We’re available Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. (ET).

1-844-394-4494
Have any questions?

Browse our Help centre for quick answers to your questions.

Find an answer
opens in a new tab
Little details that matter
Promotion ended
Rewards plan
Protection
Other advantages
Important phone numbers
Legal disclaimers