Business Line Mastercard credit card

Minimize your interest, especially in case of unexpected events.

Get your card
opens in a new tab
Banking solutions for business
Mastercard credit cards for businesses
Business Line Mastercard credit card
On this page
Overview
Benefits
Other card
Advice
Discover the Business Line Mastercard credit card
Combine the benefits of a line of credit and a credit card 
Financing up to $10,0001
Fraud protection

Annual fee2

$50

Interest rate on purchases1

Prime rate + 5%4

Interest rate for balance transfers and cash advances2,3

Prime rate + 5%4

Minimum credit limit

$1,000

 

Get your card
opens in a new tab

Fill out our secure online form in minutes.

Even more benefits with the Business Line Mastercard credit card 

A business credit card can help you simplify and manage your business expenses by separating them from your personal expenses. It's a quick and efficient way to pay your bills and other expenses, all while lowering your postal, chequing and debit account fees. The Business Line Mastercard® credit card offers you all of this, as well as the following benefits.

The combined benefits of a line of credit and a credit card

Quickly access funds with extensive benefits. It’s the ideal card if you want to take advantage of a variable interest rate combined with the convenience of a credit card.

Compensation plan in the event of fraud

Get up to $10,000 in coverage against fraudulent uses of your credit card by authorized cardholders.

Consult the cardholder agreement
opens in a new tab
Secure online purchases

The Mastercard® ID Check™ service helps protect you against fraud by verifying your identity when making online purchases.

Mastercard solutions for your business

Your credit card gives you access to a wide range of solutions that can help you simplify your transactions and strengthen the security of your business.

Discover the Mastercard BusinessCard®
opens in a new tab
Pre-authorized debit

When you sign up for this service
opens in a new tab
, the payment on your National Bank credit card account will be automatically taken from your National Bank account or an account at another financial institution on your credit card’s payment due date.

Minimize your interest, especially in case of unexpected events with the Business Line Mastercard credit card.
Get your card
opens in a new tab

Complete your application in minutes. 

Is the Business Line Mastercard credit card not what you’re looking for?
Turn your expenses into rewards with our Platinum Business Mastercard® credit card!
1.5 points per $1 spent, with no purchase limit
Manage your monthly spending limits
Insurance on purchases, theft and damages
Discover the card
Our useful articles 
ARTICLE
Does your personal credit history affect your SME’s financing?

You could be turned down for a business loan if your personal credit history is poor. Learn how you can avoid this.

November 07, 2024 – 5 minutes
ARTICLE
Business liquidity: How to optimize cash flow?

Close monitoring of your business accounting and cash flow can help you get through difficult times. Here’s how.

July 04, 2022 – 4 minutes
ARTICLE
Invoice factoring companies: What are the benefits?

Invoice factoring is a service offered by companies that buy your unpaid customer invoices and pay you for them. Find out how it works.

June 20, 2022 – 5 minutes
Showing slides 1 to 3 of 3
How can we help you? 
Tell us about your needs

Schedule a call with one of our experts for advice tailored to your reality.

Make an appointment
opens in a new tab
Call us

Need assistance? We’re available Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. (ET).

1-844-394-4494
Have any questions?

Browse our Help centre for quick answers to your questions.

Find an answer
opens in a new tab
Little details that matter
Important contact information
Legal notes