Neo World Elite® Mastercard
Top-tier card with no tradeoffs.
Rated 4.8/5 on the app stores

The Neo World Elite® Mastercard combines premium benefits with top cashback rates.

$125 annual fee | Minimum income required

Get pre-approved
Best in-class cashback

Get rewarded for every single purchase.

Rewards you can actually use

Skip converting points and redeem your cashback anytime.

Premium insurances

Protect your purchases and travel¹.

Get rewarded for what matters most

Earn cashback on grocery, gas, and more – with no strings attached.

Top cashback on essentials

Earn 5% on groceries, 4% on recurring payments, and 3% on gas².

1% on everything else

Collect cashback no matter where you shop.

Thousands of cashback offers

Shop at over 10,000 partners across Canada to earn instant cashback³.

Simplicity that doesn't sacrifice security

Every Neo World Elite® Mastercard comes with advanced technologies to protect your privacy and help prevent unauthorized purchases.

Real-time alerts

Get notified when your card is used so you’ll never find a surprising purchase on your statement.

Advanced fraud monitoring

Neo uses AI to monitor for unusual activity while keeping your personal data private.

Mastercard Zero Liability

Help protect your card from purchases that you didn’t make⁴.

Privacy and security at Neo
Top features of the Neo World Elite® Mastercard
Instant virtual card

Start spending before your physical card arrives.

Manage your card online

Freeze your card, check your PIN, and track spending.

Purchase protection

Extend the manufacturer’s warranty and get coverage for theft or damage¹.

Mastercard Travel benefits

Premium travel benefits and a membership for lounge access.

Add an additional cardholder

Share access with a partner, family member, or anyone you trust⁵.

Auto-Pay

Set it and forget it with automatic payments.

Comes with extras. Add even more.
Get a free Neo membership

Level up all of your Neo products and unlock premium features, credit tools, and higher savings interest rates.

Protect your balance

Balance protection is optional coverage⁶ that can help cover your payments during tough times.

Everything at your fingertips

Get the Neo app to control your card, track your spending, and keep up on your payments.

Have a question?

Here’s some common questions about the Neo World Elite® Mastercard.

How do I know if I am eligible for the Neo World Elite® Mastercard?
What is the credit limit?
Do I have to pay fees?
How do cashback rewards work?
If I already have a Neo credit card, can I still get a Neo World Elite® Mastercard?
Can I get an additional card?
What’s the purchase rate and APR?
Not sure this is your card?

Explore what you’re pre-approved for with no hard credit check.

Get your card offer
Legal stuff