Neo World Mastercard®
Simplify your wallet and your life.
Rated 4.8/5 on the app stores

Reward your everyday purchases and save money with no annual fees¹.

Minimum income required

Get pre-approved
No annual fees

Get a credit limit up to $20,000 and pay $0 annual fees¹.

Cashback on every purchase

Earn more cashback on what you already buy.

Apply with confidence

We’ll match you with the best card for your goals.

Exceptional cashback on everyday purchases

Earn cashback on grocery, gas, and more – with no strings attached.

Cashback on essentials

Earn 2% cashback on groceries, gas, and recurring payments².

0.5% on everything else

Collect cashback no matter where you shop.

Thousands of cashback offers

Shop at over 10,000 partners across Canada to earn instant cashback³.

Simplicity that doesn't sacrifice security

Every Neo World Mastercard® comes with advanced technologies to protect your privacy and help prevent unauthorized purchases.

Real-time alerts

Get notified when your card is used so you’ll never find a surprising purchase on your statement.

Advanced fraud monitoring

Neo uses AI to monitor for unusual activity while keeping your personal data private.

Mastercard Zero Liability

Help protect your card from purchases that you didn’t make⁴.

Privacy and security at Neo
Top features of the Neo World Mastercard
Instant virtual card

Start spending before your physical card arrives.

Manage your card online

Freeze your card, check your PIN, and track spending.

Purchase protection

Extend the manufacturer’s warranty and get coverage for theft or damage⁵.

Secured credit available

Choose secured credit to help build your credit score.

Add an additional cardholder

Share access with a partner, family member, or anyone you trust⁶.

Auto-Pay

Set it and forget it with automatic payments.

Customize your card experience
Add a Neo membership

Level up all of your Neo products and unlock premium features, credit tools, and higher savings interest rates. Coming soon!

Protect your balance

Balance protection is optional coverage⁷ that can help cover your payments during tough times.

Everything at your fingertips

Get the Neo app to control your card, track your spending, and keep up on your payments.

Have a question?

Here's some common questions about the Neo World Mastercard®.

How do I know if I am eligible for the Neo World Mastercard®?
What is the credit limit?
Do I have to pay fees?
How do cashback rewards work?
If I already have a Neo credit card, can I still get a Neo World Mastercard®?
Can I get an additional card?
What’s the purchase rate and APR?
How does the cashback system work without an annual fee?
Not sure this is your card?

Explore what you’re pre-approved for with no hard credit check.

Get pre-approved
Legal stuff