PersonalCredit CardsCash Back CardsRBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard
RBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard
CASH BACK
LIMITED TIME OFFER
Get 12% cash back for the first 3 months on up to $2,000 in total purchases^. Apply by March 25, 2026.

View Offer Details

Annual Fee
$99
Additional Card
$0
Purchase Rate
20.99%
Cash Advance Rate
22.99%*

A minimum personal income of $80,000 or a minimum household income of $150,000 is required for this card. Please note that this premium card can impose higher card acceptance costs on merchants.

Apply Now
View Legal Disclaimers
Get Unlimited Cash Back3 with a Premium Card

This cash back credit card gives you unlimited cash back on all your purchases3 along with premium benefits from RBC and Mastercard.

Card Highlights
Earn Unlimited Cash Back on Everything

Get up to 1.5% cash back on all your spending, with no limit to the total cash back you earn3.

Unlock Exclusive Deals and Benefits

Access offers from over 2,000 top brands, plus get even more points and savings from our partners such as Petro-Canada, Rexall and DoorDash.

Enjoy Mastercard World Elite Benefits

Get access to 1,300+ airport lounges worldwide with Dragon Pass2 and access on-demand apps and subscription services9, all through Mastercard World Elite.

Get Insurance Coverage

Enjoy more peace of mind with purchase security and extended warranty coverage7, plus protection for your rental car8.

View All Card Features
Cash Back on Every Purchase

1.5%

Earn 1.5% cash back on all purchases1 including your favourite online and wholesale retailers1

Exclusive Offers From Brands You Love

Our partner rewards offer great savings and perks from well-known brands

Save 3¢/L on fuel4 and earn 20% more Petro-Points5 when you pay with an eligible linked RBC Credit Card

Learn More

Link your RBC Credit Card and earn 50 Be Well™ points on every $1 spent on eligible purchases at Rexall11

Learn More

Add your RBC Credit Card to your DoorDash account and get a free 12 month DashPass subscription13

Learn More

Explore What Your Spending Can Get You

Tell us about your monthly spending and we’ll tell you how much cash back you could earn in a year.

Estimate your monthly spend
$3,000
0
$10,000

Want a more detailed estimate of your cash back?

Visit Cash Back Calculator
Here’s what you could earn:
Annual cash back†
$485
Bonus cash back^
$210
Total cash back†
$695
Enjoy Even More with Mastercard World Elite
Mastercard On-demand Apps and Subscription Services

Enjoy special benefits and offers from a growing lineup of on-demand apps and subscription services that make your day easier and fun9.

Mastercard Travel Rewards

Shop, dine and relax with partners to receive Mastercard Travel Rewards cash back offers10. Simply use your RBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard when you travel outside Canada.

Mastercard Travel Pass Program

Mastercard Travel Pass provided by Dragon Pass Membership gives you access to 1,300+ airport lounges worldwide, and access to exclusive offers from luxury retailers2.

More Details and Benefits
Insurance and Protection

Your RBC Cash Back Mastercard includes Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Insurance7.

Optional Add-On Services

Take advantage of all the benefits your credit card has to offer by adding optional services to protect your identity, your family, and your credit card balance.

More Reasons to Choose an RBC Cash Back Credit Card
RBC Mobile App15

Manage your bills, set up mobile pay, and see all your transactions on our award-winning mobile app.

Fraud Protection

If you’ve taken care to protect your credit card, you’re covered against fraudulent or unauthorized use of your card – both in-store and online.

NOMI

Stay connected to your money with the built-in intelligence of NOMI. Receive alerts, reminders, and tailored insights based on your banking habits so you can make more informed financial decisions.

Get the RBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard

Apply online in five simple steps and get your results in under a minute.

Apply Now

Explore Even More Cash Back Credit Cards
Limited Time Offer
RBC Cash Back Mastercard
Annual Fee
$0

Purchase Rate

20.99%

Cash Advance Rate

22.99%*

Second Card

$0

Compare
View Card
Need Help Deciding?
Help Me Choose
Top RBC Cash Back Mastercard Questions
How does the RBC Cash Back Preferred World Elite Mastercard work?
What is the maximum cash back I can earn?
How do I redeem my cash back?
How do I track the amount of cash back that I have earned?
Do I get access to Avion Rewards?

View Legal Disclaimers