Card options for every lifestyleFind the card that’s right for youNo annual feeRogers Red Mastercard®Learn moreApply NowNo annual feeRogers Red World Elite® Mastercard®Learn MoreApply Now  EligibilityMinimum Annual IncomeSubject to credit approvalSubject to credit approval and minimum $80,000 personal or $150,000 household income.    Earn rates1Non-USD purchases with eligible Rogers service2%Non-USD purchases with no eligible Rogers service1%1.5%  USD purchases2%3%Rogers redemption bonus21.5x when redeemed towards eligible Rogers purchasesRoam Like Home3Get 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost, every year, with an eligible Rogers mobile plan  Included Insurance Benefits4Extended Warranty and Purchase Protection—Rental Car Collision/Damage—Out-of-province/Out-of-country emergency Medical—Trip interruption and cancellation—  Other benefitsTravel perks—Complimentary membership to Mastercard Travel Pass with access to over 1,300 airport lounges worldwide at a discounted rate of $32 USD per person per visit.For more information visit: mastercardtravelpass. dragonpass.comSecurity features Zero customer liability on fraudulent purchases and card theft as long as you meet your obligations and use care to protect your card and PIN.Transaction monitoring to detect potentially fraudulent transactions.Enhanced online transaction security with Mastercard® Identity Check™ when purchasing online at participating merchants.  Partner offersTSCGet free shipping on eligible orders of $35 or more5, and the option to split your purchases into a minimum of 6 Easy Pay payments6 on eligible TSC purchases (no interest charged by TSC).   Optional add onsRogers Account ProtectionTM (premium rates apply)Rogers Account Protection7 can help keep your credit card in good standing, so you can continue to pay for your Rogers services with your card and stay connected when times are tough.8See Full DetailsOffers subject to change without notice. Application approval subject to credit assessment and income verification. Please note: Merchants may be charged higher fees for accepting premium credit cards.Cash Back Rewards on Eligible Purchases: 
              
                With an eligible Rogers service No eligible Rogers service Rogers Red Mastercard  2% on all eligible purchases.  2% when you spend in U.S. dollars and 1% on everything else.  Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard 3% when you spend in U.S. dollars and 2% on everything else. 3% when you spend in U.S. dollars and 1.5% on everything else. 
              
            Eligible Rogers service:Primary cardholder must be the primary account holder of an eligible Rogers, Fido, Shaw or Comwave service in good standing. Eligible services include postpaid Rogers or Fido consumer mobile plans (including wireless home phone and tablet data plans) or any Rogers, Shaw, Fido or Comwave consumer internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite plan. Business/corporate plans are excluded. Co-branded services are excluded unless we communicate otherwise. Postpaid Rogers consumer mobile plan eligibility includes user with permission to make account changes (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User). See your Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for more details. General: Cash back rewards are earned on eligible purchases or deducted for returns on a per-transaction basis based on the posting date of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Cash back rewards can be redeemed through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases made in the last 90 days or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. Foreign currency transactions are converted to Canadian dollars at the rate established by Mastercard International in effect on or after the date of the transaction and no later than the date the transaction is posted to the account plus an amount equal to 2.5% of the transaction amount after it has been converted to Canadian dollars. 1.5x Redemption Bonus: Your cash back rewards can be redeemed for 1.5 times (or 150%) of their regular redemption value when you apply them against eligible Rogers purchases made online and at participating Rogers and Fido retail locations (includes new phones, bill payments and accessories). Exclusions apply. Purchase must be identified in the Rogers Bank app as eligible for the redemption bonus to qualify. Purchases from Fido, Shaw, Comwave and directly from Sportsnet+ are included. Redemptions must be made in the Rogers Bank app. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Get 5 Roam Like Home DaysRoam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communications Canada Inc. ("Rogers") and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). Up to 5 Roam Like Home days will be credited on your Rogers bill per year (as days are used) once we link your Rogers Bank credit card account to your eligible Rogers mobile account. Most accounts are linked automatically within 7 business days. Your Rogers Bank and Rogers mobile accounts must be in good standing. Any mobile number associated with an eligible Rogers account can use Roam Like Home benefits on a first come first serve basis. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. Roam Like Home benefits reset every year on the anniversary that your Rogers Bank credit card account was first opened. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions.Insurance benefits included with the Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard are underwritten by CUMIS General Insurance Company, a member of The Co-operators group of companies and administered by Allianz Global Assistance, which is a registered business name of AZGA Service Canada Inc. Coverage is subject to conditions, limitations and exclusions, including a pre-existing condition for certain benefits as well as the requirement to charge the eligible expenses and/or items to the Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard. For full terms and conditions, please refer to the certificates of insurance at rogersbank.com/coverage.Offer provided by TSC. Free standard shipping will automatically apply on orders of $35 or more with a shipping weight under 20lbs, on Rogers Red Mastercard® and Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard® only. . If your order contains multiple items, only those items having a shipping weight under 20lbs will be eligible for free shipping. Offer cannot be used on Marketplace items, cannot be combined with any other offer or discount or redeemed on Gift Cards or Auto Delivery items. Offer is subject to change without notice. Visit tsc.ca/freeship for details.Offer provided by TSC. Minimum 6 Easy Pay® instalment payments are available on TSC purchases, on Rogers Red Mastercard® and Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard® only, on select Auto Delivery items on the original shipment only and cannot be used for the purchase of Gift Cards. The balance owing from your TSC purchase will be divided equally and charged to your credit card by TSC in 30-day intervals after the date of purchase. Once an instalment payment is charged to your credit card, any interest charges will be calculated in accordance with your Rogers Bank Cardholder Agreement. Shipping and taxes will be added to your first instalment payment. Offer is subject to change without notice.Rogers Account Bank optional Group Balance Protection group insurance is underwritten by Canadian Premier Life Insurance Company.Maintaining service continuity – Benefit payments are applied directly to your minimum monthly payment or outstanding balance payment under your Rogers Bank Mastercard. The benefit payments do not directly pay your monthly Rogers services bills. Your monthly Rogers services bills must be paid with your Rogers Bank Mastercard. After your date of loss, if the value of new transactions charged to your credit card results in a minimum monthly payment that exceeds your monthly benefit or you reach your credit limit, your minimum payment may not be fully covered. This may result in new transactions—including charges for Rogers services—being declined.TM Rogers and Mobius Design, Rogers Bank and related marks, logos and brand names are trademarks of Rogers Communications Inc., or an affiliate, used under license. © 2026 Rogers Bank.®/TM Mastercard and World Elite are registered trademarks and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. Used under license.The Rogers Red Mastercard and Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard are credit cards issued by Rogers Bank. Build info: U2FsdGVkX19kWWA5odtU+223nFXSP9MaQO3G2hKh8wdhQ/e0JqmClDQGUbhCsCwGpmaGgbfR0YGwY81HVMHdnmWWeHSS+IujkBbvlPo/pKLEwjcGORIIoTt9Pj1M5TMR6yLEPO5tJq3/JAhTIb7iD4PPd4iEIu6ARVlgFb3ESFSECPAIKEQ6ZtXvwwJANCrvjZGwKl0XlmM3eKKL4x8gNPWF1fG/gxPSCfAbAyXn/Zs=