Home / Canadian Credit Cards / TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Credit Cards in Canada / TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite* Card

Your region is currently set to

 Ontario. Change province
TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite* Card
Quick Compare
 
Special Offer
Up to $1,350 in value^ including up to 40,000 Aeroplan points1 could be yours. Plus, receive an annual fee rebate for the first year1. Conditions Apply.

See product details below

Annual Fee
$139
Interest: Purchases
21.99%
Interest: Cash Advance
22.99%
Additional Cardholder2
$75

Get an annual fee rebate every year with a TD All-Inclusive Banking Plan

secure
 Apply now
Eligibility Requirements:
$60,000 annual personal income or $100,000 annual household income.
You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Don't meet the income requirement? Choose the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Platinum* Card instead.
Special Offer

Up to $1,350 in value^, including up to 40,000 Aeroplan points1 could be yours. Plus, receive an annual fee rebate for the first year1 and additional travel benefits. Conditions Apply.


Earn a welcome bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your new Card1

Earn 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening1

Plus, earn a one-time anniversary bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $12,000 within 12 months of Account opening1

Apply for the NEXUS program and once every 48 months get an application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)4

Plus, share free first checked bags with up to 8 travel companions3

Get an annual fee rebate for the first year1

To receive the first-year annual fee rebate, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening and you must add your Additional Cardholders while this offer is in effect.

Offer may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated.

Earn Points. Share the Journey.

Start earning Aeroplan points that you can share with loved ones on all your Purchases made with the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite* Card.

Up to 8 family members can share points together. Share your Aeroplan points family with Aeroplan Family Sharing.

Your Card also allows you to enjoy:

Travelling lightly through the airport and saving on baggage fees3. Primary Cardholders, Additional Cardholders, and travel companions (up to eight) travelling on the same reservation will all enjoy their first checked bag free (up to 23kg/50lb) when your travel originates on an Air Canada flight.
Apply for the NEXUS program and once every 48 months get an application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)4. Additional Cardholders can also take advantage of this NEXUS program application fee rebate.
Your Aeroplan points will not expire as long as you are a TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Primary Cardholder in good standing27.

All Additional Cardholders must link their Aeroplan number in order to receive access to eligible Air Canada travel benefits 7.

Award winning TD Credit Card
slide 1 of 4

Chosen as Best Airline Credit Card by Milesopedia in 2025#1

Chosen Top Overall Travel Rewards Credit Card by readers of Rewards Canada in 2024#2

Chosen as Top Airline Credit Card by Rewards Canada in 2025#3

Chosen as Best Overall Aeroplan Card by RATESDOTCA in 2025#4

It’s easy to earn Aeroplan points
slide 1 of 3
Earn 1.5 points5

for every $1 spent on eligible gas, electric vehicle charging, grocery and direct through Air Canada® purchases (including Air Canada Vacations®) made with your Card.

Earn 1 point5

for every $1 spent on all other Purchases made with your Card

Earn points twice6

Earn points twice when you pay with your Card and provide your Aeroplan number at over 150 Aeroplan partner brands and at 200+ online retailers via the Aeroplan eStore

Redeem your Aeroplan points for travel and so much more
Every seat, every flight, no restrictions
Every Air Canada seat available to buy for cash is also available for points – no restrictions, no blackout periods.
Use Aeroplan points for more than just flights
Redeem your points across your trip, from hotel rooms to car rentals.
Use Aeroplan points for life’s necessities
Aeroplan isn’t just about travel. Use your points for merchandise, experiences and gift certificates.
Learn more
How many Aeroplan points could I earn in the first year?

Move the sliders or use the fields to input the approximate amount of credit card purchases you currently make each month.

Gas, electric vehicle charging, grocery and direct through Air Canada® purchases (including Air Canada Vacations®).

Monthly Spend

1000
$0
$17,500
All Other Purchases

Monthly Spend

1000
$0
$17,500

You could earn approximately:

70,000

Aeroplan points in your first year (includes bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your Card1 and assumes that you've earned the 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening1 and an additional 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $12,000 within 12 months of Account opening1)†.

† This calculator is for illustration purposes only and rewards (points or Cash Back Dollars) displayed are only estimates. The actual rewards earned may differ from customer to customer. All reward programs, offers and benefits are subject to terms and conditions and may be modified, canceled, or withdrawn at any time.

You could redeem†† your Aeroplan points for rewards such as:

One-Way Economy Class Ticket to Singapore (e.g. Toronto – Singapore)


†† Points required for the itinerary displayed fall within a typical range for travel with Air Canada – Use the Points Predictor Tool for Aeroplan flight rewards. For travel in high-demand periods, such as a popular time to visit a destination or during a holiday period, the price in points might be higher. Taxes and third-party charges may apply.
Perks and offers
slide 1 of 2

Special offers at your fingertips >

Enjoy perks and offers from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.

 

Earn more at Starbucks >

Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more Stars at participating Starbucks stores. Conditions apply.

 

More Card Benefits and Features
Air Canada travel benefits

Whether you book using Points or cash, as the Primary Cardholder or as an Additional Cardholder7, you and travel companions (up to eight) travelling on the same reservation on any flight operated by Air Canada, Air Canada Rouge® or under the Air Canada Express® banner will enjoy:

 

Travel lightly through the airport and save on baggage fees3. Primary Cardholders, Additional Cardholders, and travel companions (up to eight) travelling on the same reservation will all enjoy their first checked bag free (up to 23kg/50lbs) when your travel originates on an Air Canada flight.
Reach Aeroplan Elite® Status Faster23
Primary Cardholders can get 1,000 SQC for every $20,000 in eligible net purchases charged to the card account, up to 25,000 SQC23.
Complimentary upgrade to Avis® Preferred Plus26: Unlock one-car class rental upgrades, expedited service, dedicated phone line, parking stall and pick-up counter and more by elevating to Avis Preferred Plus.
Exclusive benefits with the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Card
Complimentary Visa Infinite Concierge8: On-call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, the Visa Infinite Concierge can help with any Cardholder request — big or small, to help you get the most out of life whenever you travel, shop and use your Card. Call toll-free from Canada and the U.S.: 1-888-853-4458 From outside Canada and the U.S.: 1-630-350-4545
Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection9: Receive seven exclusive benefits when you book your stay through the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection featuring over 900 of the world’s most intriguing properties.
Visa Infinite Dining Series9: As a Visa Infinite Cardholder, you have access to exclusive gourmet events that cater to your astute tastes. The Visa Infinite Dining Series serves up culinary explorations with prized chefs and acclaimed wines.
Visa Infinite Wine Country Program9: Show your Visa Infinite card onsite and you can experience exclusive benefits at over 95 participating wineries in British Columbia, Ontario and Sonoma Valley including discounts on wine purchases, complimentary tastings, private vineyard tours and much more.
Visa Infinite Entertainment Access9: Get exclusive access to tickets to curated events across Canada throughout the year. Visa Infinite Cardholders can also enjoy exclusive benefits, access and offers for the Toronto International Film Festival®
Visa Infinite Troon Golf9: Receive elevated Troon Rewards® Silver Status at over 95 courses and 10% off on green fees, merchandise and lessons at participating Troon Rewards golf courses.
Travel benefits
Wherever you're headed on your next trip, travel prepared with:
Travel Medical Insurance10: Up to $2 million of coverage for the first 21 days. If you or your spouse is aged 65 or older, you are covered for the first 4 days of your trip. Additional top-up coverage is available.
Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Insurance11: For Trip Cancellation coverage of up to $1,500 per insured person, with a maximum of $5,000 for all insured persons, and for Trip Interruption coverage of up to $5,000 per insured person, with a maximum of $25,000 for all insured persons on the same covered trip.
Flight/Trip Delay Insurance12: Up to $500 in coverage per insured person if your flight/trip is delayed for over 4 hours.
Delayed and Lost Baggage Insurance12: Up to $1,000 overall coverage per insured person toward the Purchase of essentials such as clothes and toiletries if your baggage is delayed more than 6 hours or lost.
Common Carrier Travel Accident Insurance13: Up to $500,000 of coverage for covered losses while travelling on a common carrier (for example, a bus, ferry, plane, train or auto rental).
Auto Rental Collision / Loss Damage Insurance15: Coverage for up to 48 consecutive days.
Emergency Travel Assistance Services16: Help is just a call away. Toll-free access to help in the event of a personal emergency while travelling.
Top-up or Extension of coverage29
You can purchase extra days of travel medical coverage for a specific trip if you will be away for a longer period of time than what your TD Credit Card covers. Or add an additional coverage amount to your trip cancellation and trip interruption insurance if your trip cost is higher than the coverage offered on your card.  Learn more and get a quote.
Save time at the border with NEXUS: Apply for a NEXUS program membership and once every 48 months get an application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)4. Additional Cardholders can also take advantage of this NEXUS program application fee rebate.
Check your TD credit card travel insurance benefits: Learn about what travel insurance benefits are available on your TD credit card with our Credit Card Travel Insurance Verification Tool.
Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance14: Up to $2,500 of coverage per occurrence for eligible personal items stolen from your hotel or motel room that belong to the Cardholder on the Account and eligible family members travelling with the Cardholder.

Review the Benefit Coverages Guide for more details.

Additional Benefits & Features
Save with Avis Rent A car and Budget Rent a Car.
Use your TD Credit Card to save a minimum of 10% off the lowest available base rates17,18 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the lowest available base rates17,18 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Use Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay wherever contactless payments are accepted
Digital Wallets are widely accepted by plenty of shops, restaurants and other retailers, letting you make everyday purchases conveniently and securely with just a tap of your device28.
TD Payment Plans
Easily turn purchases of $100 more into manageable 6,12 or 18 month Payment Plans. Conditions apply. Learn more.
Security
Chip & PIN technology 
TD Visa Cards with Chip and PIN technology provide an added level of security through the use of a Personal Identification Number (PIN). A PIN makes it much more difficult for unauthorized users to copy or access the information on your TD Credit Card.
Instant Alerts with TD Fraud Alerts19
You can now automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect suspicious activity on your TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Credit Card, or on any Additional Cardholder's Card on your Account. Simply ensure that we have your current mobile phone number listed in your TD Customer Profile. Learn more.
Visa Secure*
Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more.
Cash Advances
You can ask for an emergency Cash Advance in an amount up to $5,000 for your TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Card (subject to your available credit limit).
Mobile Device Insurance14
Up to $1,000 of coverage in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage, or mechanical breakdown for eligible mobile devices.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection20
You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, covering eligible new items you’ve purchased with your Card, should they be stolen or damaged within 90 days of Purchase. If the item comes with a manufacturer’s warranty valid in Canada, you may be entitled to double the warranty period for up to 12 additional months.
Manage your credit card in the TD app
Instantly lock your Credit Card and block international purchases in the TD app.
Click to Pay
Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon () where Visa is accepted.
Optional Benefits
Optional TD Auto Club Membership21
With optional Deluxe or Standard TD Auto Club Membership, know that, in the event of a road emergency, help is just a phone call away. For information and to enroll, call 1-800-245-0297.
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan22 :
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan insurance products are designed to help you make your TD Credit Card payments in the event of a covered Job Loss, Total Disability or Loss of Life.

To learn more about optional Payment Protection Plan or to enroll, call 1-800-294-8602 or visit td.com/BP.
Frequently asked questions
Why should you get the TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Credit Card?

If you are looking for a card that allows you to enjoy exclusive travel benefits and also lets you earn Aeroplan points on everyday purchases then the TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Card could be right for you. You can earn a welcome bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first purchase with your new card1. You can also earn Aeroplan points on all eligible purchases5 and enjoy perks like a free first bag check-in3 when flying with Air Canada. You can redeem your earned Aeroplan points for travel rewards like Air Canada flights, hotels, car rentals and more.

How do you apply for this TD Aeroplan Credit Card?

Applying for a TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Credit Card is easy. Click on Apply online on this page and follow the instructions. As part of the application, you will need to share some mandatory information such as your full legal name and date of birth, your home address, phone number and email address, employment status, gross annual income and residential status.

How do you earn Aeroplan points on this TD Aeroplan Credit Card?

You can earn Aeroplan points on eligible everyday purchases with your TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Credit Card. Earn 1.5 Aeroplan points5 for every dollar spent on this card to purchase eligible gas, electric vehicle charging, grocery or direct through Air Canada® purchases (including Air Canada Vacations®). You can also earn Aeroplan points twice6 when you pay with your Card and provide your Aeroplan number at over 150 Aeroplan partner brands and at 200+ online retailers via the Aeroplan eStore. Your Aeroplan points will not expire as long as you are a primary cardholder in good standing27.

How do you redeem your Aeroplan points?

It's easy to redeem your Aeroplan points. You can choose to redeem your points when booking flights with Air Canada or other travel bookings like hotels or car rentals through the Air Canada website or the Air Canada mobile app. You can also redeem your Aeroplan points for premium merchandise, gift cards, activities and much more at the Aeroplan eStore.

Find out more about our credit cards in Canada
slide 1 of 3
Get started with my credit card

Everything you need to know to start using your Canadian credit card.

Get started with my credit card
Learn more
Use my credit card features

Get to know the features that come with your Canadian TD Credit Card.

Use my credit card features
Learn more
Get the most out of my Canadian credit card

From paying bills to credit limit, take advantage of all your card's benefits.

Get the most out of my Canadian credit card
Learn more

Legal

How to Apply
slide 1 of 4
Apply online

Complete an online application and receive an instant response

 
Apply online Secure
Apply now
Call us

Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have

1-855-315-4325
Book an appointment

Meet with a banking specialist in person at the branch closest to you

Book an appointment
Book now
Locate a branch

Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Locate a branch
Locate a branch
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular questions 