Home / Canadian Credit Cards / TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa* Credit Cards in Canada / TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa Platinum* Credit Card

Your region is currently set to

 Ontario. Change province
TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa Platinum* Credit Card
Quick Compare
Special Offer
Up to $400 in value#, including up to 15,000 Aeroplan points1 could be yours, Plus, receive an annual fee rebate for the first year1. Conditions Apply.

See product details below

Annual Fee
$89
Interest: Purchases
21.99%
Interest: Cash Advances
22.99%
Additional Cardholder2
$35

Get an annual fee rebate every year with a TD All-Inclusive Banking Plan

secure
 Apply now
Eligibility Requirements: You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Special Offer

Up to $400 in value#, including up to 15,000 Aeroplan points1 could be yours, Plus, receive an annual fee rebate for the first year1. Conditions Apply.


Earn a welcome bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your new Card1.
Earn an additional 5,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $1,000 within 90 days of Account opening1.
Get an annual fee rebate for the first year1.

To receive the first-year annual fee rebate, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening and you must add your Additional Cardholders while the offer is in effect.

Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated.

At a glance

Start earning Aeroplan points that you can share with loved ones on all your Purchases made with the TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa Platinum* Card.

Up to 8 family members can share points together. Share your Aeroplan points family with Aeroplan Family Sharing.

Start flying sooner when you use your Aeroplan points earned on everyday purchases.
Earn 1 Aeroplan point for every $1 you spend on eligible gas, electric vehicle charging, grocery and Air Canada¼ purchases, including Air Canada Vacations¼ 3 .
Take advantage of an extensive suite of travel insurance.
Your Aeroplan points will not expire as long as you are a TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa Platinum Primary Cardholder in good standing18.
It’s easy to earn Aeroplan points
slide 1 of 3
Earn 1 point3

for every $1 you spend on eligible gas, electric vehicle charging, grocery and direct through Air Canada¼ purchases (including Air Canada Vacations¼) made with your card.

Earn 1 point3

for every $1.50 you spend on all other purchases.

Earn points twice4

Earn points twice when you pay with your Card and provide your Aeroplan number at over 150 Aeroplan partner brands and at 200+ online retailers via the Aeroplan eStore.

Redeem your points for travel and so much more
Every seat, every flight, no restrictions
Every Air Canada seat available to buy for cash is also available for points – no restrictions, no blackout periods.
Use Aeroplan points for more than just flights
Redeem your points across your trip, from hotel rooms to car rentals.
Use Aeroplan points for life’s necessities
Aeroplan isn’t just about travel. Use your points for merchandise, experiences and gift certificates.
Learn more
How many Aeroplan points could I earn in the first year?

Move the sliders or use the fields to input the approximate amount of credit card purchases you currently make each month.

Gas, electric vehicle charging, grocery and direct through Air Canada¼ purchases (including Air Canada Vacations¼)

Monthly Spend

1000
$0
$17,500
All Other Purchases

Monthly Spend

1000
$0
$17,500

You could earn approximately:

35,000

Aeroplan points in your first year (includes bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your Card1 and assumes that you've earned the 5,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $1,000 within 90 days of Account opening1)†.

† This calculator is for illustration purposes only and rewards (points or Cash Back Dollars) displayed are only estimates. The actual rewards earned may differ from customer to customer. All reward programs, offers and benefits are subject to terms and conditions and may be modified, canceled, or withdrawn at any time.

You could redeem†† your Aeroplan points for rewards such as:

2 Round-Trip Economy Class Short Haul Tickets in North America (e.g. Toronto - New York)


†† Points required for the itinerary displayed fall within a typical range for travel with Air Canada – Use the Points Predictor Tool for Aeroplan flight rewards. For travel in high-demand periods, such as a popular time to visit a destination or during a holiday period, the price in points might be higher. Taxes and third-party charges may apply.

Perks and offers
slide 1 of 2

Special offers at your fingertips >

Enjoy perks and offers from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.

 

Earn more at Starbucks >

Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more Stars at participating Starbucks stores. Conditions apply.

 

More Card Benefits and Features
Travel Benefits
Wherever you're headed on your next trip, travel prepared with:
Delayed and Lost Baggage Insurance5: Up to $1,000 of overall coverage per insured person towards the Purchase of essentials, like clothes and toiletries, if your baggage is delayed for over 6 hours or lost.
Flight/Trip Delay Insurance5: Up to $500 in coverage per insured person if your flight/trip is delayed for over 4 hours.
Common Carrier Travel Accident Insurance6: Up to $500,000 of coverage for covered losses while travelling on a common carrier (for example, a bus, ferry, plane or train).
Auto Rental Collision/Loss Damage Insurance8: Coverage for up to 48 consecutive days.
Emergency Travel Assistance Services9: Help is just a call away. Toll-free access to help in the event of a personal emergency while travelling.
Check your TD credit card travel insurance benefits : Learn about what travel insurance benefits are available on your TD credit card with our Credit Card Travel Insurance Verification Tool .
Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance7: Up to $2,500 of coverage per occurrence for eligible personal items stolen from your hotel or motel room that belong to the Cardholder on the Account and eligible family members travelling with the Cardholder.

Review the Benefit Coverages Guide for more details.

Additional Benefits and Features
Save with Avis Rent A car and Budget Rent a Car.
Use your TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa Platinum Card to save a minimum of 10% off the lowest available base rates10,11 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the lowest available base rates10,11 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Use Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay wherever contactless payments are accepted
Digital Wallets are widely accepted by plenty of shops, restaurants and other retailers, letting you make everyday purchases conveniently and securely with just a tap of your device19.
TD Payment Plans
Easily turn purchases of $100 or more into manageable 6, 12 or 18 month Payment Plans. Conditions apply. Learn more.
Security
Chip & PIN technology: 
TD Visa Cards with Chip and PIN technology provides an added level of security through the use of a Personal Identification Number (PIN). A PIN makes it much more difficult for unauthorized users to copy or access the information on your TD Credit Card.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection12:
You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, covering eligible new items you’ve purchased with your card, should they be stolen or damaged within 90 days of Purchase. If the item comes with a manufacturer’s warranty valid in Canada, you may be entitled to double the warranty period for up to 12 additional months.
Visa Secure*:  
Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more.
Cash Advances:  
You can access a Cash Advance at over one million ATMs worldwide, at all TD branches and at select financial institutions around the world.
Mobile Device Insurance7:
Up to $1,000 of coverage in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage or mechanical breakdown for eligible mobile devices.
Instant Alerts with TD Fraud Alerts13:
You can automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect suspicious activity on your TD¼ Aeroplan¼ Visa Platinum Card or on any Additional Cardholder Card on your Account. Simply ensure that we have your current mobile phone number listed in your TD Customer Profile. Learn more.
Manage your credit card in the TD app:
Instantly lock your credit card and block international purchases in the TD app. Learn more.
Click to Pay:
Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon () where Visa is accepted.
Optional Benefits

Get access to:

Optional travel insurance: Travel Medical Insurance14, Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance15. Learn more and get a quote.

Optional TD Auto Club Membership16
With optional Deluxe or Standard TD Auto Club Membership, know that, in the event of a road emergency, help is just a phone call away. For information and to enroll, call 1-800-245-0297
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan17:
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan is designed to help you make your TD Credit Card payments in the event of a covered Job Loss, Total Disability, or Loss of Life.
To learn more about optional Payment Protection Plan or to enroll, call 1-800-294-8602 or visit td.com/BP.
Find out more about our credit cards in Canada
slide 1 of 3
Get started with my credit card

Everything you need to know to start using your Canadian credit card.

Get started with my credit card
Learn more
Use my credit card features

Get to know the features that come with your Canadian TD Credit Card.

Use my credit card features
Learn more
Get the most out of my Canadian credit card

From paying bills to credit limit, take advantage of all your card's benefits.

Get the most out of my Canadian credit card
Learn more

Legal

How to Apply
slide 1 of 4
Apply online

Complete an online application and receive an instant response

 
Apply online Secure
Apply now
Call us

Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have

1-855-315-4325
Book an appointment

Meet with a banking specialist in person at the branch closest to you

Book an appointment
Book now
Locate a branch

Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Locate a branch
Locate a branch
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular questions 