Home / Canadian Credit Cards / TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Credit Cards in Canada / TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege* Credit Card

Your region is currently set to

 Ontario. Change province
TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege* Credit Card
Quick Compare
This card is crafted with metal
Special Offer
Up to $3,000 in value* including up to 85,000 Aeroplan points1 could be yours. Conditions Apply.

See product details below

Annual Fee
$599
Interest: Purchases
21.99%
Interest: Cash Advances
22.99%
Additional Cardholder2
$199

Get a partial annual fee rebate every year with a TD All-Inclusive Banking Plan

secure
 Apply now
Eligibility Requirements:
$150,000 annual personal income or $200,000 annual household income.
You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Don't meet the income requirement? Choose the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite* Card instead.
Special Offer

Up to $3,000 in value* including up to 85,000 Aeroplan points  and additional travel benefits could be yours. Conditions Apply.

Earn a welcome bonus of 20,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your new Card1
Earn an additional 35,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $12,000 within 180 days of Account opening1
Plus, earn a one-time anniversary bonus of 30,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $24,000 within 12 months of Account opening1

Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated.

Additional Travel Benefits

Apply for the NEXUS program membership and once every 48 months get a partial application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)8.
Share first free checked bags with up to 8 travel companions26, and get unlimited access to Maple Leaf Lounges4, 5 including complementary access for one guest.
Plus, primary cardholders get 6 complimentary worldwide select airport lounge visits annually through the Visa Airport Companion Program.11

Not only is this Card crafted with metal, it also comes with premium features designed to make your travel journey as luxurious as your destination.

At a glance

Start earning Aeroplan points that you can share with loved ones on all your Purchases made with the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege* Card.

Up to 8 family members can share points together. Share your Aeroplan points family with Aeroplan Family Sharing.

Earn Aeroplan points on your everyday Purchases3 . Whether you use your TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card for gas, bills, travel, transit, or groceries, you’re rewarded with Aeroplan points that can take you across the globe.
 

Relax before takeoff with access to a Maple Leaf Lounge4,5.
Get an annual round-trip companion pass from $99 (plus taxes, fees, charges and surcharges) 25.
Get access to Priority Airport Services6 like Priority Boarding, Priority Baggage Handling, and Priority Airport Standby & Priority Airport Upgrades7.
Apply for the NEXUS program membership and once every 48 months get a partial application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)8. Additional Cardholders can also take advantage of this NEXUS program application fee rebate.
Your Aeroplan points will not expire as long as you are a TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege Primary Cardholder in good standing40.

Additional Cardholders can receive access to some of the airline benefits, and when they spend on their card it will help you earn more points. If you have an Additional Cardholder, make sure they link their Aeroplan member card.

Award Winning TD Credit Card

Chosen as Top Ultra Premium Credit Card by readers of Rewards Canada in 2024.#1

It’s easy to earn Aeroplan points
slide 1 of 4
Earn 2 points3

for every $1 spent on eligible purchases made directly with Air Canada® including Air Canada Vacations®.

Earn 1.5 points3

for every $1 you charge to your Card on eligible gas, electric vehicle charging, groceries, travel & transit and dining purchases.

Earn 1.25 points3

for every $1 you charge to your Card on all other purchases.

Earn points twice9

Earn points twice when you pay with your Card and provide your Aeroplan number at over 150 Aeroplan partner brands and at 200+ online retailers via the Aeroplan eStore.

Redeem your points for travel and for so much more
Every seat, every flight, no restrictions
Every Air Canada seat available to buy for cash is also available for points – no restrictions, no blackout periods.
Use Aeroplan points for more than just flights
Redeem your points across your trip, from hotel rooms to car rentals.
Use Aeroplan points for life’s necessities
Aeroplan isn’t just about travel. Use your points for merchandise, experiences and gift certificates.
Learn more
How many Aeroplan points could I earn in the first year?

Move the sliders or use the fields to input the approximate amount of credit card purchases you currently make each month.

Gas, electric vehicle charging, groceries, travel & transit, dining and direct through Air Canada® purchases (including Air Canada Vacations®)

Monthly Spend

1000
$0
$17,500
All Other Purchases

Monthly Spend

1000
$0
$17,500

You could earn approximately:

118,000

Aeroplan points in your first year (includes bonus of 20,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your Card1 and assumes that you've earned the 35,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $12,000 within 180 days of Account opening1 and an additional 30,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $24,000 within 12 months of Account opening1)†.

† This calculator is for illustration purposes only and rewards (points or Cash Back Dollars) displayed are only estimates. The actual rewards earned may differ from customer to customer. All reward programs, offers and benefits are subject to terms and conditions and may be modified, canceled, or withdrawn at any time.

You could redeem†† your Aeroplan points for rewards such as:

2 Round-Trip Premium Economy Class Tickets to the Caribbean (e.g. Montreal - Punta Cana)


†† Points required for the itinerary displayed fall within a typical range for travel with Air Canada – Use the Points Predictor Tool for Aeroplan flight rewards. For travel in high-demand periods, such as a popular time to visit a destination or during a holiday period, the price in points might be higher. Taxes and third-party charges may apply.
Perks and offers
slide 1 of 3

Special offers at your fingertips >

Enjoy perks and offers from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.

 

Earn more at Starbucks >

Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more Stars at participating Starbucks stores. Conditions apply.

 

Get access to the hottest reservations >

With Visa* and OpenTable, get exclusive primetime reservations at select restaurants across North America. Conditions apply.#

More Card Benefits and Features
Air Canada travel benefits

Your TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card comes with special Air Canada travel benefits 4 . Relax before takeoff with access to a Maple Leaf LoungeTM. 5 Primary Cardholders and Additional Cardholders on the account can access Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges in North America whether they’re flying together or separately with a same day ticket on a departing Air Canada or Star Alliance® flight. They can even each bring a guest.

Travel exceptionally with someone you love with the Annual Worldwide Companion Pass. As the Primary Cardholder, you can take advantage of an annual round-trip companion pass, which entitles you to buy a companion ticket from $99 (plus taxes, fees, charges and surcharges). You get a companion pass automatically on your Card anniversary if you have spent $25,000 on net purchases 25.

Whether you book using points or cash, as the Primary Cardholder or as an Additional Cardholder 4 , you and travel companions (up to eight) travelling on the same reservation will enjoy the following travel benefits on any flight operated by Air Canada, Air Canada Rouge® or under the Air Canada Express® banner:

Priority Check-In. Check-in faster at the airport6. You and up to eight travel companions travelling on the same reservation will all receive priority check-in for any trip that originates on an Air Canada flight.
Priority Boarding. Get on board your flight earlier6. You and up to eight travel companions travelling on the same reservation will all enjoy Zone 2 priority boarding for any Air Canada flight.
Priority Baggage Handling. Save time leaving the airport6. All your baggage will be tagged priority, so you and up to eight travel companions travelling on the same reservation will find your luggage among the first on the carousel when arriving at your destination. This applies to travel that originates on an Air Canada flight.
Priority Airport Standby. Get better access to seats when you’re on standby7. If you and travel companions (up to eight) travelling on the same reservation are on standby at the airport for an Air Canada flight, get on your way with priority. Should a seat become available, you will be assigned it before members who have the same status but don’t hold a TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card.
Priority Airport Upgrades. Receive higher priority for airport upgrades7. If you’re a Cardholder with Aeroplan Elite TM Status, you and up to eight travel companions travelling on the same reservation get higher priority when you’re on standby for an upgrade at the airport on Air Canada flights. Should a seat become available, you will be assigned to it before members who have the same status but don’t hold a TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card.
Reach Aeroplan Elite® Status Faster27
Primary Cardholders can get 1,000 SQC for every $5,000 in eligible net purchases charged to the card account, up to 25,000 SQC27.
Get a 10% Head Start28
Starting in 2027, eligible Primary Cardholders with Aeroplan Elite® status will receive a 10% boost toward qualification, based on Status Qualifying Credits (SQC) accumulated the year before28.
Enjoy your eUpgrades longer29. Primary Cardholders who also hold Aeroplan Elite Status will benefit from an extra 12 months to use newly issued eUpgrade credits, for a total of 24 months from issuance.
Complimentary upgrade to Avis President’s Club38: Unlock two-car-class rental upgrades, expedited service, dedicated phone line and more, by elevating to Avis® President’s Club
Exclusive benefits with the TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card
Complimentary Visa Infinite Concierge10 :  On call, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, the Visa Infinite Privilege Concierge can help with any Cardholder request - big or small, to help you get the most from life whenever you travel, shop and use your Card.
Call toll-free from Canada and the U.S.: 1-855-822-1240
From outside Canada and the U.S.: 1-303-967-1036
Global Airport Lounge Access11 :  Receive a complimentary membership to the Visa Airport Companion11 Program hosted by Dragonpass International Ltd. and take advantage of six lounge visits included for each Cardholder per membership year at over 1,200 airport lounges worldwide. Enroll through the Visa Airport Companion App or through visaairportcompanion.ca.
Visa Infinite Privilege Airport Benefits11 :  Receive exclusive perks at Toronto City Airport, Vancouver Airport, Ottawa Airport and Montreal-Trudeau International Airport
- Priority Security Lanes at International and Domestic checkpoints (Toronto, Vancouver, Ottawa, Montreal-Trudeau)
- Priority airport taxi and limo lane (Vancouver)
- Access to dedicated premium parking spots (Vancouver, Ottawa)
- Up to 20% off parking (Ottawa, Vancouver, Montreal-Trudeau)
Get access to exclusive gourmet dining events that cater to those with refined tastes. The Visa Infinite Dining Series serves up culinary explorations with prized chefs and acclaimed wines.
Receive 7 exclusive benefits when you book your stay through the Visa Infinite Luxury Hotel Collection featuring over 900 of the world’s most intriguing properties. Enjoy an additional 8th benefit at over 200 properties, exclusively for Visa Infinite Privilege cardholders.
Get exclusive access to tickets for a series of advance screenings and special movie events with the Visa Infinite Screening Series. Visa Infinite Privilege Cardholders can also enjoy presale access, priority access line, exclusive benefits and offers for the Toronto International Film Festival®.
Experience exclusive benefits at over 95 participating wineries in British Columbia, Ontario, and Sonoma Valley through the Visa Infinite Wine Country Program. Discover a variety of exciting benefits onsite when you show your Visa Infinite Privilege card, including discounts on wine purchases, complimentary tastings, private vineyard tours and much more.
Receive elevated Troon Rewards® Platinum Status36 at over 150 courses and 20% off on green fees, merchandise and lessons at participating Troon Rewards golf courses. Cardholders can also access a selection of over 25 private clubs across the U.S. for $99 USD per round.
Enroll in the Visa RSVP Rewards™ Benefit37 and automatically receive Diamond status delivering benefits at 60+ participating Sandman, Sandman Signature and Sutton Place Hotels from coast-to-coast in Canada and beyond. For more details on the TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card benefits and to see all available offers, please visit visainfinite.ca/privilege.
Travel Benefits
Wherever you're headed on your next trip, travel prepared with:
Travel Medical Insurance12: Up to $5 million of coverage for the first 31 days. If you or your spouse is aged 65 or older, you are covered for the first 4 days of your trip. Additional top-up coverage is available.
Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Insurance13: For Trip Cancellation coverage of up to $2,500 per insured person, with a maximum of $5,000 for all insured persons, and for Trip Interruption coverage of up to $5,000 per insured person, with a maximum of $25,000 for all insured persons on the same covered trip.
Flight/Trip Delay Insurance14: Up to $1,000 in coverage if your flight/trip is delayed more than 4 hours.
Delayed and Lost Baggage Insurance14: For delayed baggage over 4 hours, up to $1,000 of coverage per insured person for the Purchase of essentials, such as clothing and toiletries. For lost baggage, up to $2,500 of coverage per insured person.
Common Carrier Travel Accident Insurance15: Up to $500,000 of coverage for covered losses while travelling on a common carrier (for example, a bus, ferry, plane, train or auto rental).
Auto Rental Collision/Loss Damage Insurance17: Coverage for up to 48 consecutive days.
Emergency Travel Assistance Services18: Help is just a call away. Toll-free access to help in the event of a personal emergency while travelling.
Top-up or Extension of coverage41
You can purchase extra days of travel medical coverage for a specific trip if you will be away for a longer period of time than what your TD Credit Card covers. Or add an additional coverage amount to your trip cancellation and trip interruption insurance if your trip cost is higher than the coverage offered on your card. Learn more and get a quote.
Save time at the border with NEXUS: Apply for a NEXUS program membership and once every 48 months get an application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)8. Additional Cardholders can also take advantage of this NEXUS program application fee rebate.
Check your TD credit card travel insurance benefits : Learn about what travel insurance benefits are available on your TD credit card with our Credit Card Travel Insurance Verification Tool .
Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance16: Up to $2,500 of coverage per occurrence for eligible personal items stolen from your hotel or motel room that belong to the Cardholder on the Account and eligible family members travelling with the Cardholder.

Review the Benefit Coverages Guide for more details.

Partner benefits
Save with Avis Rent A car and Budget Rent a Car.
Use your TD Credit Card to save a minimum of 10% off the lowest available base rates19,20 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the lowest available base rates19,20 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Security
Chip & PIN technology
TD Visa Cards with Chip and PIN technology provide an added level of security through the use of a Personal Identification Number (PIN). A PIN makes it much more difficult for unauthorized users to copy or access the information on your TD Credit Card.
Instant Alerts with TD Fraud Alerts21
You can automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect suspicious activity on your TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Credit Card, or on any Additional Cardholder Card on your Account. Simply ensure that we have your current mobile phone number listed in your TD Customer Profile Learn more.
Visa Secure*
Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more.
Cash Advances
You can ask for an emergency Cash Advance in an amount up to $5,000 for your TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege Card (subject to your available credit limit).
Mobile Device Insurance16
Up to $1,500 of coverage in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage, or mechanical breakdown for eligible mobile devices.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection22
You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, covering eligible new items you’ve purchased with your Card, should they be stolen or damaged within 120 days of Purchase. If the item comes with a manufacturer’s warranty valid in Canada, you may be entitled to double the warranty period for up to 24 additional months.
Manage your credit card in the TD app
Instantly lock your Credit Card and block international purchases in the TD app.
Click to Pay
Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon () where Visa is accepted.
Optional Benefits
Optional TD Auto Club Membership23
With optional Deluxe or Standard TD Auto Club Membership, know that, in the event of a road emergency, help is just a phone call away. For information and to enroll, call 1-800-245-0297.
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan24:
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan insurance products are designed to help you make your TD Credit Card payments in the event of a covered Job Loss, Total Disability or Loss of Life.
To learn more about optional Payment Protection Plan or to enroll, call 1-800-294-8602 or visit td.com/BP.
Find out more about our credit cards in Canada
slide 1 of 3
Get started with my credit card

Everything you need to know to start using your Canadian credit card.

Get started with my credit card
Learn more
Use my credit card features

Get to know the features that come with your Canadian TD Credit Card.

Use my credit card features
Learn more
Get the most out of my Canadian credit card

From paying bills to credit limit, take advantage of all your card's benefits.

Get the most out of my Canadian credit card
Learn more

Legal

How to Apply
slide 1 of 4
Apply online

Complete an online application and receive an instant response

 
Apply online Secure
Apply now
Call us

Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have

1-855-315-4325
Book an appointment

Meet with a banking specialist in person at the branch closest to you

Book an appointment
Book now
Locate a branch

Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Locate a branch
Locate a branch
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular questions 