Home / TD Business Credit Cards / TD Business Travel Visa* Card

TD Business Travel Visa* Card
Compare Card
The smart way to do business and travel
Special Offer
Earn up to $1,247 in valueμ, including up to 200,000 TD Rewards PointsΠ,μ, and an Annual Fee Rebate for the first yearμ for the Primary Cardholder and first two Additional CardholdersΠ,μ. Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing. Offer effective as of January 13, 2026. Conditions apply. 
See product details below

Annual fee
$149
Interest Purchases
19.99%
Interest Cash Advances
22.99%
Additional Cards1
$49
Secure
 Open an account
Eligibility requirements: You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Special Offer

Earn up to 200,000 TD Rewards PointsΠ, a value up to $1,247μ. Including, an Annual Fee Rebate for the Primary and first two additional CardholdersΠ, μ for the first year from Account opening. Conditions Apply. Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing. Offer effective as of January 13, 2026. 

Earn a Welcome Bonus of 30,000 TD Rewards Points when the Primary Cardholder1 makes their first Purchase with their new CardΠ, μ.
Monthly Bonus of 10,000 TD Rewards Points up to a maximum 120,000 TD Rewards Points when the Primary Cardholder1 spends $2,500 in Purchases each month for the first 12 months after Account approvalΠ, μ.
PAP Bonus up to 30,000 TD Rewards points earned when you set up new regularly recurring bill paymentsΠ.
Earn a 15 Month Bonus of 20,000 TD Rewards Points, one Purchase of any amount must be charged and posted to your Account by the last day of the 15-month billing period after Account approvalμ.
Get an Annual Fee rebate for the first year for the Primary Cardholder and two Additional CardholdersΠ, 1. Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing. Additional Cardholders must be added by while the offer is in effect. Offer effective as of January 13, 2026.

Offer may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated.

It’s easy to earn TD Rewards Points
slide 1 of 4
Earn 9 TD Rewards Points2

when you book travel online through ExpediaForTD.com7 using your Card

Earn 6 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on Dining4, Electric Vehicle Charging25, Public Transit26

Earn 6 TD Rewards Points

 for every $1 you spend on Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media Purchases and recurring bill payments5

 Earn 6 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on Foreign Currency Purchases3.

Earn 2 TD Rewards Points for every $1 you spend on business purchases made using your Card6.

Manage your Business Expenses and Reap TD Rewards Points.

Manage your business expenditures using TD tools while earning TD Rewards Points, whether you use your card for dining purchases, streaming, recurring bill payments, foreign currency bills or booking travel. The rewards will add up quickly so you can enhance your travel experience or enjoy a wide variety of rewards. 

Get access to the TD Card Management Tool: An easy way to access online reporting, review your business expenses, manage your existing credit limits and apply spend controls. 
Enjoy ExpediaForTD.com, your exclusive travel booking site with special offers designed just for you7  and you can be confident that you’ll earn the most rewards points and get the best point redemption value7.
No travel blackouts8, no seat restrictions8 and no expiry for your TD Rewards Points as long as your account is open and in good standing9.
Transform your everyday business purchases into TD Rewards Points. Choose how to redeem your points for the rewards you want including ExpediaForTD.com, Amazon.ca, cash credits that can be applied to pay down your TD credit card balance.
Link your TD Visa Business Card to Visa SavingsEdge* for free and turn your spending into savings11. 
7 types of insurance coverage including travel medical insurance12, flight/trip delay insurance15 and more. 
This card is made from 90% recycled plastic. 

 

How many TD Rewards Points could I get in the first year?
If you spend
Dining, Electric Vehicle Charging, Public Transit, Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media Purchases, and recurring bill payments, and Foreign Currency Purchases
 Monthly Spend
5000
$0
$20,000
All Other Purchases
 Monthly Spend
5000
$0
$20,000
You could earn
630,000

TD Rewards Points in your first year (including Welcome Bonus†)

A travel value†† of up to

$3,150

You could redeem††† your TD Rewards Points towards:

A short-haul business-class flight

Apply online

† This calculator is for illustration purposes only and rewards (points or Cash Back Dollars) displayed are only estimates. The actual rewards earned may differ from customer to customer. All reward programs, offers and benefits are subject to terms and conditions and may be modified, canceled, or withdrawn at any time.

†† Total TD Rewards Points and corresponding dollar value equivalent assumes no redemption of TD Rewards Points towards any travel purchases made during the year. Maximum dollar value of TD Rewards Points shown, only applies to TD Rewards Points redeemed for travel purchases charged to your Card and booked through Expedia For TD.

††† TD Rewards Points must be redeemed in minimum 200-point increments for travel purchases charged to your Card that are booked online or by phone through Expedia For TD. You may redeem TD Rewards Points in other manners that we may allow from time to time (including for Travel Purchases made through a travel agency, supplier or provider that is not Expedia For TD). For more information about how to redeem TD Rewards Points visit td.com/tdrewardspoints.

Redeem your TD Rewards Points how you want, for what you want 

Every Purchase you make with your TD Rewards Credit Card earns you TD Rewards Points. With the flexibility to choose how to redeem your TD Rewards Points for the rewards you want, you can use your TD Rewards Points on travel, everyday perks, cash credits and more. Learn more.

Credit Card Reward Perks
slide 1 of 3

Use TD Rewards Points at Expedia For TD

Redeem10 your TD Rewards Points for your next trip at ExpediaForTD.com and get access to exclusive deals. Conditions apply.

Earn more at Starbucks

Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more TD Rewards Points and Stars. Redeem points for even more Stars. Conditions apply.

Use TD Rewards Points at Amazon.ca

Redeem your TD Rewards Points towards purchases at Amazon.ca with Amazon Shop with Points. Conditions apply.

Enjoy your perks and offers

Enjoy special offers selected just for you from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.

Learn more
More card benefits and features
TD Rewards Program benefits

The TD Rewards Program lets you earn TD Rewards Points on your everyday business purchases and gives you the freedom and flexibility to redeem them how and when you want.

Go Places : You can earn more TD Rewards Points when you book your business travel online with your TD Business Travel Visa Card through ExpediaForTD.com. You can also redeem10 any earned TD Rewards Points towards that purchase at time of booking to pay for all or part of your trip.
Pay off Purchases: Redeem your points for any of your eligible past purchases on your TD Credit Card in just three clicks. It’s a quick, easy way to get the rewards you want most. Learn More
Amazon.ca Shop with Points
Redeem your TD Rewards Points towards making business purchases at Amazon.ca to get what you want, when you want, quickly and easily. Conditions apply. Learn more about how you can redeem your points for all or just part of your purchase.
Help pay down your balance: You can also redeem your TD Rewards Points to help pay down your Credit Card Account balance through EasyWeb or the TD Mobile app.

 

Visa SavingsEdge* Program11

Link your TD Visa Business Card to Visa SavingsEdge for free and turn your spending into savings.
After linking your Card, you’ll get access to hundreds of Cashback Offers to help you save on business expenses — from gas, restaurants, business services, and more.
Learn more and link

Travel benefits
Travel Medical Insurance12:
Up to $2 million of coverage for the first 15 days. If you or your spouse is aged 65 or older, you have coverage for the first 4 days. Additional top-up coverage is available.
Trip Cancellation/Trip Interruption Insurance23:
For Trip Cancellation, up to $1,500 of coverage per insured person, with a maximum of $5,000 for all insured persons; and for Trip Interruption, up to $5,000 of coverage per insured person, with a maximum of $25,000 for all insured persons on the same covered trip.
Flight/ Trip Delay Insurance15:
Up to $500 in coverage if your flight/trip is delayed for longer than 4 hours.
Common Carrier Travel Accident Insurance13 :
Up to $500,000 of coverage for covered losses while travelling on a common carrier (for example: a bus, ferry, plane or train).
Emergency Travel Assistance Services14 :
Help is just a call away. Toll-free access to help in the event of a personal emergency while travelling.
Delayed and Lost Baggage Insurance15:
Up to $1,000 of overall coverage per insured person toward the purchase of essentials such as clothes and toiletries, if your baggage is delayed longer than 6 hours or lost.
Top-up or Extension of coverage28
You can purchase extra days of travel medical coverage for a specific trip if you will be away for a longer period of time than what your TD Credit Card covers. Or add an additional coverage amount to your trip cancellation and trip interruption insurance if your trip cost is higher than the coverage offered on your card.  Learn more and get a quote.

Review the Certificates of Insurance found in the TD Business Travel Visa* Benefits Coverage Guide.

Insurance Summary

Review the Product Summaries (For Quebec Residents Only) for more details about insurance coverages.

Automotive features
Auto Rental Collision/ Loss Damage Insurance16. Use your TD Credit Card to charge the full cost of a car rental to get the Collision/Loss Damage coverage at no additional cost.
Save with Avis® Rent A Car and Budget® Rent A Car. Use your TD Credit Card to save a minimum of 10% on the lowest available base rates17,18 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% on the lowest available base rates17,18 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.
Option to purchase Business TD Auto Club Membership19 and be covered 24 hours a day for emergency roadside assistance services in case something goes wrong when you are out on the road.
Security
Visa Zero Liability*: Shop online and in person securely with Visa Zero Liability* and be protected in the event that unauthorized transactions are made on your Card. See your Cardholder Agreement for complete information on unauthorized transactions and your responsibilities including your responsibility to protect your PIN.
Chip & PIN technology: TD Visa* Cards with Chip and PIN technology provide an added level of security through the use of a Personal Identification Number (PIN).
Click to Pay
Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon (  ) where Visa is accepted.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection24: You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, which includes coverage for most eligible new items you’ve purchased with your Card, should they be stolen or damaged within 90 days of purchase.
Visa Secure* : Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more. 
Instant Alerts. Added convenience, with TD Fraud Alerts:
You can now automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect unusual activity on your TD Business Travel Visa* Card. Simply ensure that we have your current mobile phone number listed in your TD Customer Profile. Learn more.

 

Review the Product Summaries (For Quebec Residents Only) for more details about insurance coverages.

Everyday services
Use Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay wherever contactless payments are accepted These Digital Wallets are accepted in a growing number of shops, restaurants, and other retailers, making it convenient and easy to use for everyday business payments with just a tap of your device27.
Emergency Cash Advances21 : You can ask for an emergency Cash Advance in an amount up to $5,000 for your TD Business Travel Visa Card (subject to your available credit limit).
Optional benefits
Optional TD Business Credit Protection29

TD Business Credit Protection could help financially protect your business by paying off or reducing your total outstanding business credit balance, which could include your business credit card, in case of a covered health event or loss of life29. Learn more

Discover great deals through Expedia For TD

Ready to apply?
Documents you'll need

See which documents you will need to provide when applying for a TD Business Credit Card for your Small Business.

Ready to apply?
Download list
Find out more about our credit cards
slide 1 of 4
Earn perks & rewards with my Business Credit Card

Get to know Aeroplan points, TD Rewards Points, and Expedia For TD.

Earn perks & rewards with my Business Credit Card
Learn more
Get started with my Business Credit Card

Track your cards, add Cardholders & more. View card benefits, documents you will receive, & documents needed to get started.

Get started with my Business Credit Card
Learn more
Use my Business Credit Card features

TD Visa* Mobile Alerts are just one of the many features available. Get to know the features of your TD Business Credit Card.

Use my Business Credit Card features
Learn more
Get the most from my Business Credit Card

From business expenses to credit limit increases, take advantage of all your card's benefits.

Get the most from my Business Credit Card
Learn more

Legal

Ways to apply
slide 1 of 4
Apply online

Complete an online application

 
Apply online Secure
Open an account
Book an appointment

Meet with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Book an appointment
Book now
Call us

Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have

1-800-680-5767
Locate a branch

Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Locate a branch
Locate a branch
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular questions 