Home / Canadian Credit Cards / TD Travel Credit Cards in Canada / TD Platinum Travel Visa* Card

Your region is currently set to

 Ontario. Change province
TD Platinum Travel Visa* Card
Quick Compare
Special Offer
Earn up to $370 in value18, including up to 50,000 TD Rewards Points1 and receive an annual fee rebate for the first year1. Conditions Apply.    
See product details below
Annual Fee
$89
Interest: Purchases
21.99%
Interest: Cash Advances
22.99%
Additional Cardholder2
$35

$35 for the first Additional Cardholder; $0 for subsequent Additional Cardholders.

Get an annual fee rebate every year with a TD All-Inclusive Banking Plan

Secure
 Apply now
Eligibility Requirements: You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Special Offer

Earn up to $370 in value18, including up to 50,000 TD Rewards Points1 and receive an annual fee rebate for the first year1. Conditions apply.

Welcome Bonus of 15,000 TD Rewards Points when you make your first Purchase with your Card1.
35,000 TD Rewards Points when you spend $1,000 within 90 days of Account opening1.
Get an annual fee Rebate for the first year1.

To receive the first-year annual fee rebate for the Primary Cardholder, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening. To receive the Additional Cardholder(s) first-year annual fee rebate, you must add your Additional Cardholder(s) while the offer is in effect.

Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated.

At a glance

Earn TD Reward Points on all the things you normally do, whether you use your Card for groceries, dining, paying bills, public transit, streaming services or booking travel. The rewards will add up quickly so you can enhance your travel experience or enjoy a wide variety of rewards.

Your card also allows you to enjoy:

Flexibility to redeem your TD Rewards Points on a wide variety of rewards at Expedia® For TD6, Starbucks® and more.
Booking your travel through Expedia® For TD6 to maximize the TD Rewards Points you can earn on your travel purchases.
An extensive suite of travel insurance coverages which helps you travel prepared.
No travel blackouts7, no seat restrictions7 and no expiry20 for your TD Rewards Points as long as your account is open and in good standing.
Every Purchase counts
slide 1 of 4
Earn 6 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend when you book travel through Expedia® For TD3,6,22

Earn 4.5 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on Groceries, Dining, and Public Transit4,22

Earn 3 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media21,22

Earn 1.5 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on other Purchases made using your Card5,22

How many TD Rewards Points could I get in one year?

Move the sliders or use the fields to input the approximate amount of credit card purchases you currently make each month.

Recurring Bill Payments, Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media, Groceries, Dining and Public Transit (Yearly spend cap of $15,000 each)
Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media (per month)
1500
$1
$25,000
Groceries, Dining, and Public Transit (per month)
1500
$1
$25,000
All other purchases (No spend cap)
Expedia for TD Purchases (per month)
500
$1
$25,000
Other monthly purchases
1500
$1
$25,000
 

Based on the approximate monthly spend of $5,000,
in one year you could earn

243,500

TD Rewards Points in your first year (includes bonus points of 15,000 TD Rewards Points when you make your first Purchase with your Card1 and assumes that you have earned the 35,000 TD Rewards Points when you spend $1,000 within 90 days of Account opening1)†.


A travel value†† of up to
$1,217.50

† This calculator is for illustration purposes only and rewards (points or Cash Back Dollars) displayed are only estimates. The actual rewards earned may differ from customer to customer. All reward programs, offers and benefits are subject to terms and conditions and may be modified, canceled, or withdrawn at any time.

†† Total TD Rewards Points and corresponding dollar value equivalent assumes no redemption of TD Rewards Points towards any travel purchases made during the year. Maximum dollar value of TD Rewards Points shown, only applies to TD Rewards Points redeemed for travel purchases charged to your Card and booked through Expedia For TD.

You could redeem††† your TD Rewards Points towards:

A weekend spa getaway

††† TD Rewards Points must be redeemed in minimum 200-point increments for travel purchases charged to your Card that are booked online or by phone through Expedia For TD. You may redeem TD Rewards Points in other manners that we may allow from time to time (including for Travel Purchases made through a travel agency, supplier or provider that is not Expedia For TD). For more information about how to redeem TD Rewards Points visit td.com/tdrewardspoints.

Redeem your TD Rewards Points how you want, for what you want 

Every Purchase you make with your TD Rewards Credit Card earns you TD Rewards Points. With the flexibility to choose how to redeem your TD Rewards Points for the rewards you want, you can use your TD Rewards Points on travel, everyday perks, cash credits and more. Learn more.

Credit Card Reward Perks
slide 1 of 3

Use TD Rewards Points at Expedia For TD

Redeem8 your TD Rewards Points for your next trip at ExpediaForTD.com and get access to exclusive deals. Conditions apply.

Earn more at Starbucks

Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more TD Rewards Points and Stars. Redeem points for even more Stars. Conditions apply.

Use TD Rewards Points at Amazon.ca

Redeem your TD Rewards Points towards purchases at Amazon.ca with Amazon Shop with Points. Conditions apply.

Enjoy your perks and offers
 

Enjoy special offers selected just for you from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.

Learn more
More Card Benefits and Features
TD Rewards Program Benefits

The TD Rewards Program lets you earn TD Rewards Points on your everyday purchases and gives you the freedom and flexibility to redeem them how and when you want.

Your Points are worth more when you redeem through Expedia® For TD: Search over a million flights, hotels, packages and more! When you’re ready to book, you can redeem8 your TD Rewards Points towards your travel Purchase right away.


Pay off Purchases: Redeem your points for any of your eligible past purchases on your TD Credit Card in just three clicks. It’s a quick, easy way to get the rewards you want most. Learn More

Pay Down Balance: Redeem TD Rewards Points to help pay down your credit card balance.


Travel Benefits

Flight/Trip Delay Insurance9
Up to $500 in coverage if your flight/trip is delayed more than 4 hours.


Delayed and Lost Baggage Insurance9
Up to $1,000 overall coverage per insured person toward the Purchase of essentials such as clothing and toiletries if your baggage is delayed more than 6 hours or lost.


Common Carrier Travel Accident Insurance10
Up to $500,000 of coverage for covered losses while travelling on a common carrier (for example, a bus, ferry, plane, or train).


Auto Rental Collision/ Loss Damage Insurance14
Use your eligible Canadian TD Credit Card to charge the full cost of a car rental and get the Auto Rental Collision/Loss Damage Insurance at no additional cost

Emergency Travel Assistance Services11
Help is just a call away. Toll-free access to help in the event of a personal emergency while travelling.

Check your TD credit card travel insurance benefits
Learn about what travel insurance benefits are available on your TD credit card with our Credit Card Travel Insurance Verification Tool.

Hotel/Motel Burglary Insurance19
Up to $2,500 of coverage per occurrence for eligible personal items stolen from your hotel or motel room that belong to the Cardholder on the Account and eligible family members travelling with the Cardholder.

Review the Benefit Coverages Guide for more details.

Additional Benefits & Features

TD Payment Plans
Easily turn purchases of $100 or more into manageable 6, 12 or 18 month Payment Plans. Conditions apply. Learn more.


Save with Avis Rent A Car and Budget Rent A Car
Use your Canadian TD Credit Card to save a minimum of 10% off the lowest available base rates12,13 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the lowest available base rates12,13 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.


Use Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay wherever contactless payments are accepted 
These Digital Wallets are accepted in a growing number of shops, restaurants, and other retailers, making it convenient and easy to use for everyday business payments with just a tap of your device23.

Optional Benefits

Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan24
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan insurance products are designed to help you make your TD Credit Card payments in the event of a covered Job Loss, Total Disability or Loss of Life. To learn more about optional Payment Protection Plan or to enroll, call 1-800-294-8602 or visit td.com/BP.

Option to Purchase TD Auto Club Membership15
and be covered 24 hours a day for emergency roadside assistance services in case something goes wrong when you are out on the road.


Optional travel insurance: Travel Medical Insurance25, Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance26. Learn more and get a quote.

Security
Mobile Device Insurance19
Up to $1,000 of coverage in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage, or mechanical breakdown for eligible mobile devices.
Chip & PIN technology 
TD Visa* Cards with Chip and PIN technology provide an added level of security through the use of a Personal Identification Number (PIN).
Visa Secure*
Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more.
Click to Pay
Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon (  ) where Visa is accepted.
Instant Alerts. Added convenience, with TD Fraud Alerts:
You can now automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect suspicious activity on your Canadian TD Platinum Travel Visa* Credit Card, or on any Additional Cardholder's Card on your Account. Learn more Learn more.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection16
You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, which includes coverage for most eligible new items you’ve purchased with your Card, should they be stolen or damaged within 90 days of Purchase.
Manage your credit card in the TD app
Set transaction limits, block international purchases or lock your credit card. Learn more.
Frequently asked questions
Why should you get a TD Platinum Travel Visa card?

If you’re looking for a travel credit card that gives you amazing travel rewards and benefits, then the TD Platinum Travel Visa Card is just the card for you. With this card, you can earn TD Rewards Points on everyday purchases and earn extra Points on eligible purchases and travel bookings. You can also access a range of travel benefits like Flight Delay Insurance, Emergency Travel Assistance services, and more!

What is the minimum credit score for the TD Platinum Travel Visa?

When you are ready to apply for the TD Platinum Travel Visa Card, or any TD Credit Card, bear in mind that having a higher credit score will always improve your chances of getting approved for the credit card. This card does not have a minimum annual income requirement which means it is accessible by any travel enthusiasts looking for a travel credit card that not only makes travel affordable but also comes with travel perks and benefits.

How do you earn and redeem TD Rewards Points with this TD Credit Card?

Earn and redeem TD Rewards Points when you travel or shop with the TD Platinum Travel Visa Card. Use it to book your travel through Expedia® for TD6 to earn 6 TD Rewards Points for each dollar spent3,22. You can also earn 4.5 TD Rewards Points for every $1 you spend on Groceries, Dining, and Public Transit4,22 and earn 3 TD Rewards Points for every $1 you spend on Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media21,22. All other eligible purchases earn you 1.5 TD Rewards Points for each dollar spent5. With the flexibility to choose how to redeem your TD Rewards Points for the rewards you want, you can use your points on travel, everyday perks, cash credits and more. Learn more.

Find out more about our credit cards in Canada
slide 1 of 3
Get started with my credit card

Everything you need to know to start using your Canadian credit card.

Get started with my credit card
Learn more
Use my credit card features

Get to know the features that come with your Canadian TD Credit Card.

Use my credit card features
Learn more
Get the most out of my Canadian credit card

From paying bills to credit limit, take advantage of all your card's benefits.

Get the most out of my Canadian credit card
Learn more

Legal

How to Apply
slide 1 of 4
Apply online

Complete an online application and receive an instant response

 
Apply online
Apply now
Call us

Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have

1-855-315-4325
Book an appointment

Meet with a banking specialist in person at the branch closest to you

Book an appointment
Book now
Locate a branch

Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Locate a branch
Locate a branch
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular questions 