Home / Canadian Credit Cards / TD Travel Credit Cards in Canada / TD Rewards Visa* Card

Your region is currently set to

 Ontario. Change province
TD Rewards Visa* Card
Quick Compare
Special Offer
Earn a value of $5013,+ in TD Rewards Points to use on eligible Amazon.ca purchases plus, no Annual Fee. Conditions Apply. 
See product details below

Annual Fee
$0
Interest: Purchases
21.99%
Interest: Cash Advances
22.99%
Additional Cardholder1
$0
Secure
 Apply now
Eligibility Requirements: You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Special Offer

Earn 15,152 TD Rewards Points+ (a value of $50 on Amazon.ca13) when you spend $500 within 90 days of Account opening+. Conditions apply. 

Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated.

At a glance

Earn TD Reward Points on all the things you normally do, whether you use your Card for groceries, dining, paying bills, public transit, streaming services or booking travel. The rewards will add up quickly so you can enhance your everyday experiences and enjoy a wide variety of rewards.

Your card also allows you to enjoy:

Flexibility to redeem your TD Rewards Points on a wide variety of rewards at Expedia® For TD5, Starbucks® and more.
Mobile device insurance of up to $1000 if you lose or damage your phone7.
Book your travel through Expedia® For TD5 to maximize the TD Rewards Points you can earn on your travel purchases.
No travel blackouts15, no seat restrictions15 and no expiry12 for your TD Rewards Points as long as your account is open and in good standing.
Redeem your TD Rewards Points towards making purchases at Amazon.ca with Amazon Shop with Points. Conditions apply. See more details.

Award Winning TD Credit Card

Chosen as Top No annual fee Travel Rewards Credit Card by readers of Rewards Canada in 2023.#1

Every Purchase Counts
slide 1 of 4
Earn 4 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend when you book travel through Expedia® For TD2,5,17

Earn 3 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on Groceries, Dining, and Public Transit3,17

Earn 2 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media16,17

Earn 1 TD Rewards Points

for every $1 you spend on other Purchases made using your Card4,17

How many TD Rewards Points could I get in one year?

Move the sliders or use the fields to input the approximate amount of credit card purchases you currently make each month.

Recurring Bill Payments, Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media, Groceries, Dining and Public Transit (Yearly spend cap of $5,000 each)
Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media (per month)
1500
$1
$25,000
Groceries, Dining and Public Transit (per month)
1500
$1
$25,000
All other purchases (No spend cap)
Expedia for TD Purchases (per month)
500
$1
$25,000
Other monthly purchases
1500
$1
$25,000
 

Based on the approximate monthly spend of $5,000,
in one year you could earn

128,152

TD Rewards Points in one year (includes bonus points of 15,152 TD Rewards Points when you spend $500 within 90 days of Account opening+)†.


A travel value†† of up to
$640.76

† This calculator is for illustration purposes only and rewards (points or Cash Back Dollars) displayed are only estimates. The actual rewards earned may differ from customer to customer. All reward programs, offers and benefits are subject to terms and conditions and may be modified, canceled, or withdrawn at any time.

†† Total TD Rewards Points and corresponding dollar value equivalent assumes no redemption of TD Rewards Points towards any travel purchases made during the year. Maximum dollar value of TD Rewards Points shown, only applies to TD Rewards Points redeemed for travel purchases charged to your Card and booked through Expedia For TD.

You could redeem††† your TD Rewards Points towards:

A round-trip train ticket for you and a guest

††† TD Rewards Points must be redeemed in minimum 200-point increments for travel purchases charged to your Card that are booked online or by phone through Expedia For TD. You may redeem TD Rewards Points in any other manner that we may allow from time to time (including for Travel Purchases made through a travel agency, supplier or provider that is not Expedia For TD). For more information about how to redeem TD Rewards Points visit td.com/tdrewardspoints.

Redeem your TD Rewards Points how you want, for what you want 

Every Purchase you make with your TD Rewards Credit Card earns you TD Rewards Points. With the flexibility to choose how to redeem your TD Rewards Points for the rewards you want, you can use your TD Rewards Points on travel, everyday perks, cash credits and more. Learn more.

Credit Card Reward Perks
slide 1 of 3

Use TD Rewards Points at Expedia For TD

Redeem6 your TD Rewards Points for your next trip at ExpediaForTD.com and get access to exclusive deals. Conditions apply.

Earn more at Starbucks

Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more TD Rewards Points and Stars. Redeem points for even more Stars. Conditions apply.

Use TD Rewards Points at Amazon.ca

Redeem your TD Rewards Points towards purchases at Amazon.ca with Amazon Shop with Points. Conditions apply.

Enjoy your perks and offers
 

Enjoy special offers selected just for you from TD and merchants with your Eligible TD Card.

Learn more
More Card Benefits and Features
TD Rewards Program Benefits

The TD Rewards Program lets you earn TD Rewards Points on your everyday purchases and gives you the freedom and flexibility to redeem them how and when you want.

Your Points are worth more when you redeem through Expedia® For TD: Search over a million flights, hotels, packages and more! When you’re ready to book, you can redeem6  your TD Rewards Points towards your travel Purchase right away.

Pay off Purchases: Redeem your points for any of your eligible past purchases on your TD Credit Card in just three clicks. It’s a quick, easy way to get the rewards you want most. Learn More

Pay Down Balance: Redeem TD Rewards Points to help pay down your credit card balance.

Additional Benefits & Features

TD Payment Plans
Easily turn purchases of $100 or more into manageable 6, 12 or 18 month Payment Plans. Conditions apply. Learn more


Save with Avis Rent-A-Car and Budget Rent-A-Car9,10
Use your TD Credit Card to save a minimum of 10% off the lowest available base rates9,10 in Canada and the U.S., and a minimum of 5% off the lowest available base rates9,10 internationally, on qualifying car rentals at participating Avis and Budget locations.


Use Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay wherever contactless payments are accepted
These Digital Wallets are accepted in a growing number of shops, restaurants, and other retailers, making it convenient and easy to use for everyday business payments with just a tap of your device18.

Optional Benefits

Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan14:
Optional TD Credit Card Payment Protection Plan insurance products are designed to help you make your TD Credit Card payments in the event of a covered Job Loss, Total Disability or Loss of Life.

To learn more about optional Payment Protection Plan or to enroll, call 1-800-294-8602 or visit td.com/BP.


Option to Purchase TD Auto Club Membership11
and be covered 24 hours a day for emergency roadside assistance services in case something goes wrong when you are out on the road.


Optional travel insurance: Travel Medical Insurance19, Trip Cancellation and Trip Interruption Insurance20. Learn more and get a quote.

Security
Mobile Device Insurance7
Up to $1,000 of coverage in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage, or mechanical breakdown for eligible mobile devices.
Chip & PIN technology - TD Visa* Cards with Chip and PIN technology provide an added level of security with a Personal Identification Number (PIN).
Click to Pay
Paying online with your TD Visa card is easy, smart and secure. Just click to pay with your TD Visa when you see this icon (  ) where Visa is accepted.
Visa Secure*
Visa Secure provides you with increased security and convenience when you shop online through In-app Authentication. Learn more.
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection8 - You automatically have access to Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Protection, which includes coverage for most eligible new items you’ve purchased with your Card, should they be stolen or damaged within 90 days of Purchase.
Instant Alerts. Added convenience, with TD Fraud Alerts:
You can now automatically receive TD Fraud Alerts to your mobile phone any time we suspect suspicious activity on your TD Rewards Visa* Card. Simply ensure that we have your current mobile phone number listed in your TD Customer Profile. Learn more.
Manage your credit card in the TD app
Set transaction limits, block international purchases or lock your credit card. Learn more.

Review the Benefit Coverages Guide for more details.

Frequently asked questions
Why should you get a rewards credit card?

If you want to get more out of your purchases, then opting for a rewards credit card could be the right choice. The TD Rewards Visa Credit Card comes with the TD Rewards program that is packed with perks to help you get more out of all that you spend. You can earn TD Rewards Points on everyday purchases and earn extra TD Rewards Points on eligible purchases. Your TD Rewards Points can be redeemed, at your convenience, to book your next big trip, to shop at Amazon.ca with Shop with Points and even to pay your credit card balance.

How do you earn TD Rewards Points on your credit card?

Earn TD Rewards Points on every eligible Purchase with the TD Rewards Visa Card. Cardholders are also able to earn extra TD Rewards Points with specific purchases. For instance, travel bookings made on Expedia® For TD5 can earn you 4 TD Rewards Points for each dollar you spend on your Card2,17. Groceries, using public transit or a meal at a restaurant can earn you 3 TD Rewards Points on every dollar you spend3,17. You can also earn 2 TD Rewards Points for every $1 you spend on Recurring Bill Payments and Streaming, Digital Gaming & Media16,17. All other purchases will earn you 1 TD Rewards Point for every dollar you spend4,17.

How do you redeem TD Rewards Points from your credit card?

The TD Rewards Visa Card gives you the option to redeem your TD Rewards Points by shopping on partner websites or for amazing perks like Paying off Purchases and more. Enroll your TD Rewards Visa Card and redeem TD Rewards Points to Purchase eligible products at Amazon.ca with Shop with Points. 

Find out more about our credit cards in Canada
slide 1 of 3
Get started with my credit card

Everything you need to know to start using your Canadian credit card.

Get started with my credit card Learn more
Learn more
Use my credit card features

Get to know the features that come with your Canadian TD Credit Card.

Use my credit card features Learn more
Learn more
Get the most out of my Canadian credit card

From paying bills to credit limit, take advantage of all your card's benefits.

Get the most out of my Canadian credit card Learn more
Learn more

Legal

How to Apply
slide 1 of 4
Apply online

Complete an online application and receive an instant response

 
Apply online
Apply now
Call us

Our banking specialists are ready to answer any questions you may have

1-855-315-4325
Book an appointment

Meet with a banking specialist in person at the branch closest to you

Book now

Locate a branch

Speak with a banking specialist at the branch closest to you

Locate a branch
Locate a branch
Have a question? Find answers here
What's your question?
Ask Us
Popular questions 